This page provides the release notes for the Agora Interactive Whiteboard SDK.

## v2.12.9
v2.12.8 was released on March 30, 2021.

This release updates `@netless/iframe-bridge` to 2.0.7.

## v2.12.8
v2.12.8 was released on March 30, 2021.

This release updates `white-web-sdk` to 2.12.6.

## v2.12.7
v2.12.5 was released on March 25, 2021.

This release updates `@netless/iframe-bridge` to 2.0.5 and improves playback of H5 files in recordings.

## v2.12.6
v2.12.5 was released on March 25, 2021.

This release adds the `scaleIframeToFit` method to the `Displayer` class to enable zooming in and out so that H5 files can be displayed completely on screen.

## v2.12.5
v2.12.5 was released on March 25, 2021.

This release updates `@netless/cursor-tool` to 0.0.7.

## v2.12.3
v2.12.3 was released on March 20, 2021.

This release changes the default value of `disableNewPencil` in the `setDisableNewPencil` method from `false` to `true` so that the stroke effect is disabled by default. This addresses the issue that the stroke effect is not supported by SDKs earlier than v2.2.12.

<div class="alert note">To enable the stroke effect properly, ensure that all users in the room are using one of the following SDKs:

- Android SDK v2.12.3 or later
- iOS SDK v2.12.3 or later
- Web SDK v2.12.5 or later</div>

## v2.12.2
v2.12.2 was released on March 16, 2021.

#### New features

This release adds the stroke effect to better display handwriting. Call `setDisableNewPencil` to enable or disable the stroke effect, and call `isDisableNewPencil` to see whether the stroke effect is enabled.

<div class="alert note">To enable the stroke effect properly, ensure that all users in the room are using one of the following SDKs:

- Android SDK v2.12.2 or later
- iOS SDK v2.12.3 or later
- Web SDK v2.12.5 or later</div>

#### Improvements

- Updates `white-web-sdk` to v2.12.4, and improves the display logic of PPT files.
- Improves button display of audio and video plug-ins during the playback of whiteboard recordings.

#### Issues fixed

Fixed the crash problem caused by abnormal callbacks in live rooms in `debug` mode.

## Earlier than v2.12.2
See the [Changelog](https://developer.netless.link/android-zh/home/android-changelog) for details.