This page provides the release notes for the Agora Interactive Whiteboard SDK.

## v2.12.6

v2.12.6 was released on March 29, 2021. This release fixed the issue that some components could disappear unexpectedly.

## v2.12.5

v2.12.5 was released on March 20, 2021.

#### New features

This release adds the stroke effect to better display handwriting. When constructing `joinRoomParams`, you can set `disableNewPencil` to `false`/`true` to enable/disable the stroke effect.

<div class="alert note">To enable the stroke effect properly, ensure that every user in the room is using one of the following SDKs:

- Android SDK v2.12.3 or later
- iOS SDK v2.12.3 or later
- Web SDK v2.12.5 or later</div>

#### Improvements
This release improves the Text tool.

#### Issues fixed

This release fixed the following issues:

- When presenting dynamic PPT files in certain situations, the screen turned completely white.
- `Symbol` objects displayed abnormal actions when using the whiteboard on browsers that support ES6.
- Pen tool marks displayed abnormally.

## v2.12.2

v2.12.2 was released on March 4, 2021. This release improves network connection.

## v2.12.1

v2.12.1 was released on March 4, 2021. This release fixed the issue that `onPPTLoadProgress` reported inaccurate progress of file-conversion tasks.

## v2.12.0 

v2.12.0 was released on February 26, 2021.

#### New features

This release adds the following features:

- To provide more drawing options, `ShapeType` adds the following enumeration values:
   - `triangle`: Inserts a triangle
   - `rhombus`: Inserts a diamond shape
   - `pentagram`: Inserts a pentagram
   - `speechBalloon`: Inserts a speech balloon

- The floating bar adds a **Layer** button to send an image to the front or back of the layer stack.
- The floating bar adds a **Replicate** button.
- ``disableOthersSelectingBox` is added to Displayer`, `JoinRoomParams`, and `ReplayRoomParams` to set whether to hide or show other users' selection fields.
- ``uniformScale` is added to ImageInformation` to resize images proportionately.
- The server-side engine can be used for typesetting.

#### Improvements
- Improves the loading speed of icons on the floating bar.
- Addresses the issue that after using the Text tool to enter text, it automatically switches to the Selection tool.
- When all of the users who enable interactive mode leave the whiteboard room, sets the player to automatically focus on the PPT file if there is one on the whiteboard.

#### Issues fixed
This release fixed the following issues:

- Occasionally, the generated dynamic web pages could not be previewed.
- The rendering sequence was incorrect for some highlight selectors.
- The selectable area around an object could be displayed inaccurately.
- When rendering a rectangle, the four corners sometimes switched between being rounded and right-angled.
- PPT files could not be displayed because of rendering errors in internal components.

## Earlier than v2.12.2
See the [Changelog](https://developer.netless.link/javascript-zh/home/js-changelog) for details.