<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_onaudioquality">
    <title><ph keyref="onAudioQuality" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Reports the statistics of the audio stream from each remote user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="onAudioQuality" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onAudioQuality(int uid, int quality, short delay, short lost) {}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
                    audioQualityOfUid:(NSUInteger)uid
                    quality:(AgoraNetworkQuality)quality
                    delay:(NSUInteger)delay
                    lost:(NSUInteger)lost;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onAudioQuality(uid_t uid,
     int quality,
     unsigned short delay,
     unsigned short lost) {
     (void)uid;
     (void)quality;
     (void)delay;
     (void)lost;
     }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnAudioQuality(uint uid, int quality, ushort delay, ushort lost)</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">void onAudioQuality(RtcConnection connection, uid_t remoteUid, int quality,
      int delay, int lost)</codeblock>
        </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">

   <p>
       <dl outputclass="deprecated">
  <dlentry>
      <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
      <dd>Deprecated as of v2.3.2. Please use <xref keyref="onRemoteAudioStats" /> instead.</dd>
  </dlentry>
       </dl>
   </p>
   <p>The SDK triggers this callback once every two seconds to report the audio quality of each remote user/host sending an audio stream. If a channel has multiple users/hosts sending audio streams, the SDK triggers this callback as many times.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                  <pt />
                  <pd />
              </plentry>
              <plentry id="connection" props="flutter">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>Connection info. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
       <plentry>
        <pt props="windows ios mac android unity">uid</pt>
        <pt props="flutter">remoteUid</pt>
  <pd>The user ID of the remote user sending the audio stream.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>quality</pt>
  <pd>The audio quality, see <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE" />.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>delay</pt>
  <pd>The network delay (ms) from the sender to the receiver, including the delay caused by sound sampling pre-processing, network transmission, and network jitter buffering.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>lost</pt>
  <pd>Packet loss rate (%) of the audio packet sent from the sender to the receiver.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>