<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_orientationmode">
    <title><ph keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Video output orientation modes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title>Enumerator</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE_ADAPTIVE"/></pt>
  <pd>
      <p>0: (Default) The output video always follows the orientation of the captured video. The receiver takes the rotational information passed on from the video encoder. This mode applies to scenarios where video orientation can be adjusted on the receiver.</p>
      <ul>
 <li>If the captured video is in landscape mode, the output video is in landscape mode.</li>
 <li>If the captured video is in portrait mode, the output video is in portrait mode.</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE_FIXED_LANDSCAPE"/></pt>
  <pd>1: In this mode, the SDK always outputs videos in landscape (horizontal) mode. If the captured video is in portrait mode, the video encoder crops it to fit the output. Applies to situations where the receiving end cannot process the rotational information. For example, CDN live streaming.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE_FIXED_PORTRAIT"/></pt>
  <pd>2: In this mode, the SDK always outputs video in portrait (portrait) mode. If the captured video is in landscape mode, the video encoder crops it to fit the output. Applies to situations where the receiving end cannot process the rotational information. For example, CDN live streaming.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
