<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setlivetranscoding">
    <title>setLiveTranscoding setLiveTranscoding</title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the video layout and audio settings for CDN live. (CDN live only.) </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the video layout and audio settings for CDN live. (CDN live only.)</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setLiveTranscoding" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setLiveTranscoding"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>Sets the video layout and audio for CDN live streaming. Sets the video layout and audio for CDN live streaming. After calling this method to update the transcoding settings, a callback will be triggered<xref keyref="onTranscodingUpdated" /> locally. After calling this method to update the transcoding settings, a callback will be triggered<xref keyref="onTranscodingUpdated" /> locally.</p>
   <note type="attention" id="note">
       <ul>
  <li>This method takes effect only when you are a host in live interactive streaming. This method takes effect only when you are a host in live interactive streaming.</li>
  <li>Ensure that you enable the RTMP Converter service before using this function. See Prerequisites in the advanced guide Push Streams to CDN. Ensure that you enable the RTMP Converter service before using this function. See Prerequisites in the advanced guide Push Streams to CDN.</li>
  <li>If you call the method to set the class for the first time, the SDK does not trigger this<apiname keyref="onTranscodingUpdated" /> callback. If you call the `setLiveTranscoding` method to update the transcoding setting for the first time, the SDK does not trigger the `onTranscodingUpdated<apiname keyref="onTranscodingUpdated" />` callback.</li>
  <li>Call this method after joining a channel. Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
  <li>Agora supports pushing media streams in RTMPS protocol to the CDN only when you enable transcoding. Agora supports pushing media streams in RTMPS protocol to the CDN only when you enable transcoding.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
   </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>transcoding transcoding</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>推流转码设置。 Push stream transcoding settings. See <xref href="class_livetranscoding.dita"/>. See <xref href="class_livetranscoding.dita"/>.</p></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section><section id="return_values">
   <title>返回 return</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>

</reference>
