<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setremotesubscribefallbackoption">
     <title><ph keyref="setRemoteSubscribeFallbackOption" /></title>
     <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the fallback option for the remotely subscribed video stream based on the network conditions. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the fallback option for the remotely subscribed video stream based on the network conditions.</ph></shortdesc>
     <prolog>
          <metadata>
               <keywords>
                    <indexterm keyref="setRemoteSubscribeFallbackOption" />
               </keywords>
          </metadata>
     </prolog>
     <refbody>
          <section id="prototype">
               <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setRemoteSubscribeFallbackOption" />
          </section>
          <section id="detailed_desc">
               <p>Unreliable network conditions affect the overall quality of the live interactive streaming. Unreliable network conditions affect the overall quality of the live interactive streaming. If `option` is set as <apiname keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_VIDEO_STREAM_LOW" />#<parmname>STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_AUDIO_ONLY</parmname> (<apiname keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_AUDIO_ONLY" />2), the SDK automatically switches the video from a high-stream to a low-stream, or disables the video when the downlink network conditions cannot support both audio and video to guarantee the quality of the audio. If `option` is set as <apiname keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_VIDEO_STREAM_LOW" />#<parmname>STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_AUDIO_ONLY</parmname> (<apiname keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_AUDIO_ONLY" />2), the SDK automatically switches the video from a high-stream to a low-stream, or disables the video when the downlink network conditions cannot support both audio and video to guarantee the quality of the audio. The SDK monitors the network quality and restores the video stream when the network conditions improve. The SDK monitors the network quality and restores the video stream when the network conditions improve. When the remote subscription stream falls back to an audio stream, or when the audio stream returns to an audio/video stream, the SDK will trigger a<xref keyref="onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly" /> callback. When the remote subscription stream falls back to an audio stream, or when the audio stream returns to an audio/video stream, the SDK will trigger a<xref keyref="onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly" /> callback.</p>
               <note type="attention">Ensure that you call this method before joining a channel. Ensure that you call this method before joining a channel.</note>
          </section>
          <section id="parameters">
               <title>Parameter Parameter</title>
               <parml>
                    <plentry>
                         <pt>option option</pt>
                         <pd>See <xref keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTIONS" />. See <xref keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTIONS" />. The default <parmname>option</parmname> is <apiname keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_VIDEO_STREAM_LOW" />(1). The default <parmname>option</parmname> is <apiname keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_VIDEO_STREAM_LOW" />(1).</pd>
                    </plentry>
               </parml>
          </section>
          <section id="return_values">
               <title>Returns Returns</title>
               <ul>
                    <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
               </ul>
          </section>
     </refbody>
</reference>