<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_registerlocaluseraccount">
    <title><ph keyref="registerLocalUserAccount"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Registers a user account. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Registers a user account.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="registerLocalUserAccount" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/registerLocalUserAccount"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="since">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Since Since</dt>
  <dd>v2.8.0 v2.8.0</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>Once registered, the user account can be used to identify the local user when the user joins the channel. Once registered, the user account can be used to identify the local user when the user joins the channel. 注册成功后，该 User Account 即可标识该本地用户的身份，用户可以使用它加入频道。 After the registration is successful, the User Account can identify the identity of the local user, and the user can use it to join the channel.</p>
   <p>成功注册 User Account 后，本地会触发 <xref keyref="onLocalUserRegistered"/> 回调，告知本地用户的 UID 和 User Account。 After successfully registering the User Account, the local will trigger a<xref keyref="onLocalUserRegistered"/> callback to inform the UID and User Account of the local user.</p>
   <p>This method is called synchronously. This method is called synchronously. To join a channel with a user account, you can choose either of the following: To join a channel with a user account, you can choose either of the following:<ul>
       <li>先调用 <apiname keyref="registerLocalUserAccount"/> 方法注册 Account，再调用 <apiname keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount1"/> 方法加入频道。 First call the<apiname keyref="registerLocalUserAccount"/> method to register the Account, and then call the<apiname keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount1"/> method to join the channel.</li>
       <li>直接调用 <apiname keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount1"/> 方法加入频道。 Call the method directly<apiname keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount1"/> to join the channel.</li>
   </ul></p>
   <p>The difference between the two methods is that calling in advance<apiname keyref="registerLocalUserAccount"/> can shorten<apiname keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount1"/> the time to enter the channel. The difference between the two methods is that calling in advance<apiname keyref="registerLocalUserAccount"/> can shorten<apiname keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount1"/> the time to enter the channel.</p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>Ensure that you set the `<parmname>userAccount</parmname>` parameter. Otherwise, this method does not take effect. Ensure that you set the `<parmname>userAccount</parmname>` parameter. Otherwise, this method does not take effect.</li>
  <li>Ensure that the value of the `userAccount` parameter is unique in the channel. Ensure that the value of the `userAccount` parameter is unique in the channel.</li>
  <li>To ensure smooth communication, use the same parameter type to identify the user. To ensure smooth communication, use the same parameter type to identify the user. For example, if a user joins the channel with a user ID, then ensure all the other users use the user ID too. The same applies to the user account. For example, if a user joins the channel with a user ID, then ensure all the other users use the user ID too. The same applies to the user account. If a user joins the channel with the Agora Web SDK, ensure that the uid of the user is set to the same parameter type. If a user joins the channel with the Agora Web SDK, ensure that the uid of the user is set to the same parameter type.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>appId appId</pt>
  <pd>The App ID of your Agora project. The App ID of your Agora project.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>userAccount userAccount</pt>
  <pd><p>The user account. The user account. This parameter is used to identify real-time audio and video interaction channels. This parameter is used to identify real-time audio and video interaction channels. You need to set up and manage the User Account of the user by yourself, and ensure that the User Account of each user in the same channel is unique. You need to set up and manage the User Account of the user by yourself, and ensure that the User Account of each user in the same channel is unique. The maximum length of this parameter is 255 bytes. Ensure that you set this parameter and do not set it as null<ph keyref="NULL"/>. The maximum length of this parameter is 255 bytes. Ensure that you set this parameter and do not set it as null<ph keyref="NULL"/>. Supported character scopes are: Supported character scopes are:<ul>
      <li>The 26 lowercase English letters: a to z. The 26 lowercase English letters: a to z.</li>
      <li>The 26 uppercase English letters: A to Z. The 26 uppercase English letters: A to Z.</li>
      <li>All numeric characters: 0 to 9. All numeric characters: 0 to 9.</li>
      <li>Space Space</li>
      <li>&quot;!&quot;、&quot;#&quot;、&quot;$&quot;、&quot;%&quot;、&quot;&amp;&quot;、&quot;(&quot;、&quot;)&quot;、&quot;+&quot;、&quot;-&quot;、&quot;:&quot;、&quot;;&quot;、&quot;&lt;&quot;、&quot;=&quot;、&quot;.&quot;、&quot;>&quot;、&quot;?&quot;、&quot;@&quot;、&quot;[&quot;、&quot;]&quot;、&quot;^&quot;、&quot;_&quot;、&quot;{&quot;、&quot;}&quot;、&quot;|&quot;、&quot;~&quot;、&quot;,&quot; &quot;!&quot;、&quot;#&quot;、&quot;$&quot;、&quot;%&quot;、&quot;&amp;&quot;、&quot;(&quot;、&quot;)&quot;、&quot;+&quot;、&quot;-&quot;、&quot;:&quot;、&quot;;&quot;、&quot;&lt;&quot;、&quot;=&quot;、&quot;.&quot;、&quot;>&quot;、&quot;?&quot;、&quot;@&quot;、&quot;[&quot;、&quot;]&quot;、&quot;^&quot;、&quot;_&quot;、&quot;{&quot;、&quot;}&quot;、&quot;|&quot;、&quot;~&quot;、&quot;,&quot;</li>
  </ul></p></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
