<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setclientrole2">
    <title><ph keyref="setClientRole2"/>[2/2]</title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the user role in a live broadcast.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setClientRole2" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setClientRole2"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="since">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Since</dt>
  <dd>v3.2.0</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>You can call this method either before or after joining the channel to set the user role as audience or host.</p>
   <p>If you call this method to switch the user role after joining the channel, the SDK triggers the following callbacks:<ul>
      <li>The callback is triggered locally<xref keyref="onClientRoleChanged"/>.</li>
      <li>Remote trigger<xref keyref="onUserJoined"/> or<xref keyref="onUserOffline"/> callback.</li>
   </ul></p>
   <p>The difference between this method and<xref keyref="setClientRole1"/> [1/2] is that this method also supports setting user levels.<ul id="diff">
      <li>The user <parmname>role</parmname> determines the permissions that the SDK grants to a user, such as permission to send local streams, receive remote streams, and push streams to a CDN address.</li>
      <li>The user <parmname>level </parmname>determines the <parmname>level </parmname>of services that a user can enjoy within the permissions of the user&apos;s role. For example, an audience can choose to receive remote streams with low latency or ultra low latency. Levels affect prices.</li>
    </ul></p>
   <note outputclass="note">This method only takes effect when the channel scene is live broadcast (<xref keyref="setChannelProfile"/>the middle <parmname>profile</parmname> is set to <ph keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_LIVE_BROADCASTING"/>).</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>role</pt>
  <pd>User roles in a live broadcast. See <xref href="enum_clientroletype.dita"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>options</pt>
  <pd>The detailed options of a user, including the user level. See <xref href="class_clientroleoptions.dita"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0(ERR_OK): Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
  <li>-1(ERR_FAILED): A general error occurs (no specified reason).</li>
  <li>-2 (ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT): The parameter is invalid.</li>
  <li>-7(ERR_NOT_INITIALIZED): The SDK is not initialized.</li>
       </ul></li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
