<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_enablelastmiletest">
    <title><ph keyref="enableLastmileTest" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables the network connection quality test.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableLastmileTest" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/enableLastmileTest" />
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method tests the quality of the users&apos; network connections and is disabled by default. By default, this function is disabled. This method applies to the `LIVE_BROADCASTING` channel profile.<ul>
                    <li>Before a user joins a channel or before an audience switches to a host, call this method to check the uplink network quality.</li>
                    <li>This method consumes additional network traffic, and hence may affect communication quality.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>Regardless of the scenario, enabling this method will consume network traffic and affect the call quality. After receiving the<xref keyref="onLastmileQuality" /> callback,<xref keyref="disableLastmileTest" /> the user must call to stop the test, and then join the channel or switch to the host.</p>
            <note outputclass="note">
                <ul>
                    <li>Do not use this method at the<xref keyref="startLastmileProbeTest" /> same time.</li>
                    <li>Otherwise, the<xref keyref="onLastmileQuality" /> callback may be interrupted by other methods, and hence may not be triggered.</li>
                    <li>A host should not call this method after joining a channel (when in a call).</li>
                    <li>After calling this method to check the network quality before joining the channel, the SDK will occupy the bandwidth of one video, and the bit rate is<xref keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration" /> the same as the bit rate set in. After joining a channel,<xref keyref="disableLastmileTest" /> the SDK will automatically stop bandwidth usage regardless of whether it is called.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>