<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_onstreampublished">
    <title><ph keyref="onStreamPublished"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the publisher&apos;s transcoding is updated.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="onStreamPublished" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/onStreamPublished"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
    
   <dl outputclass="deprecated">
       <dlentry >
  <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
  <dd>v3.0.0</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>This method is deprecated, please use instead<xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/>.</p>
   <p>Reports the result of calling the \ref IRtcEngine::addPublishStreamUrl &quot;addPublishStreamUrl&quot; method. (CDN live only.)</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>url</pt>
  <pd>@param url The CDN streaming URL.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>3: ERROR.</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>@param <codeph>error Error code</codeph>: #ERROR_CODE_TYPE. Main errors include:<ul>
     <li>#<codeph>ERR_OK</codeph> (0): The publishing succeeds.</li>
     <li>#<codeph>ERR_FAILED</codeph> (1): The publishing fails.</li>
     <li>#ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT (-2): <codeph>Invalid argument</codeph> used. If you do<xref
    keyref="addPublishStreamUrl"/> not call configuration before calling<xref
    keyref="setLiveTranscoding"/><xref
    keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>, the SDK will call back <codeph>ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT</codeph>.</li>
     <li>#<codeph>ERR_TIMEDOUT</codeph> (-10): The publishing<codeph> timed</codeph> out.</li>
     <li>#ERR_ALREADY_IN_USE (-19): The chosen URL address is already <codeph>in use</codeph> for CDN live streaming.</li>
     <li>#ERR_ENCRYPTED_STREAM_NOT_ALLOWED_PUBLISH (130): You cannot <codeph>publish an encrypted stream</codeph>.</li>
          <li><codeph>ERR_PUBLISH_STREAM_CDN_ERROR</codeph> (151): CDN related<codeph> error</codeph>. Please call the<xref keyref="removePublishStreamUrl"/> method to delete the original streaming address, and then call<xref keyref="addPublishStreamUrl"/> the method to push to the new address again.</li>
          <li><codeph>ERR_PUBLISH_STREAM_NUM_REACH_LIMIT</codeph> (152): The number of push addresses of a single anchor reaches the upper limit of 10. Delete the unnecessary URLs before adding new ones.</li>
          <li><codeph>ERR_PUBLISH_STREAM_NOT_AUTHORIZED</codeph> (153): Operate streams that are<codeph> not</codeph> owned by the host, such as updating the<codeph> stream</codeph> parameters of other hosts and stopping other hosts’ streams. Please check your app logic.</li>
     <li><codeph>`LIVE_STREAMING_INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR</codeph>`: An error occurs in Agora&apos;s streaming server. Please call to push the<xref keyref="removePublishStreamUrl"/> stream again.</li>
     <li><codeph>ERR_PUBLISH_STREAM_FORMAT_NOT_SUPPORTED</codeph> (156): The<codeph> format</codeph> of the push<codeph> stream</codeph> address is incorrect. Please check the format.</li>
 </ul>
      </p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
