<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_onlocalaudiostatechanged">
    <title><ph keyref="onLocalAudioStateChanged" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the local video stream state changes. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the local video stream state changes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onLocalAudioStateChanged" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/onLocalAudioStateChanged" />
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Since Since</dt>
                    <dd>v2.9.0 v2.9.0</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>When the state of the local audio stream changes (including the state of the audio recording and encoding), the SDK triggers the onLocalAudioStateChanged callback to report the current state. When the state of the local audio stream changes (including the state of the audio recording and encoding), the SDK triggers the onLocalAudioStateChanged callback to report the current state. This callback indicates the state of the local video stream, including camera capturing and video encoding, and allows you to troubleshoot issues when exceptions occur. This callback indicates the state of the local video stream, including camera capturing and video encoding, and allows you to troubleshoot issues when exceptions occur.</p>
            <note type="attention">When the streaming status is<apiname keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_FAILED" /> (4), you can view the<parmname> error</parmname> information in the<parmname> errorCode</parmname> parameter. When the status is<apiname keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_FAILED" /> (3), you can view the returned<parmname> error</parmname> information in the<parmname> error</parmname> parameter.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameter Parameter</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>state state</pt>
                    <pd>Local audio state types. Local audio state types. See <xref keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE" />. See <xref keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE" />.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>error error</pt>
                    <pd>Local audio state error codes. Local audio state error codes. See <xref keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR" />. See <xref keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR" />.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>