<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_addvideowatermark1">
    <title><ph keyref="addVideoWatermark1"/>[1/2]</title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Adds a watermark image to the local video.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="addVideoWatermark1" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/addVideoWatermark1"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="deprecated">
       <dlentry >
  <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
  <dd>This method is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="addVideoWatermark2"/> instead.</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>This method adds a PNG watermark image to the local video stream for the capturing device, channel audience, and CDN live audience to view and capture. If you only want to add a watermark to the bypass live streaming, please refer<xref keyref="setLiveTranscoding"/> to the usage described in.</p>
   <note outputclass="note">
       <ul>
  <li>The URL descriptions are different for the local video and CDN live streams: In a local video stream, `url` in RtcImage refers to the absolute path of the added watermark image file in the local video stream. In a CDN live stream, `url` in RtcImage refers to the URL address of the added watermark image in the CDN live streaming.</li>
  <li>The source file of the watermark image must be in the PNG file format. If the width and height of the PNG file differ from your settings in this method, the PNG file will be cropped to conform to your settings.</li>
  <li>The Agora SDK supports adding only one watermark image onto a local video or CDN live stream. The newly added watermark image replaces the previous one.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>watermark</pt>
  <pd>The watermark image to be added to the local live streaming:<xref keyref="RtcImage"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
