<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_registerpacketobserver">
    <title><ph keyref="registerPacketObserver"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Registers a packet observer. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Registers a packet observer.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="registerPacketObserver" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/registerPacketObserver"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>Call this method registers a packet observer. Call this method registers a packet observer. When the Agora SDK triggers callbacks registered by for voice or video packet transmission, you<xref keyref="IPacketObserver"/> can call this method to process the packets, such as encryption and decryption. When the Agora SDK triggers callbacks registered by <xref keyref="IPacketObserver"/> for voice or video packet transmission, you can call this method to process the packets, such as encryption and decryption.</p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>The size of the packet sent to the network after processing should not exceed 1200 bytes, otherwise, the SDK may fail to send the packet. The size of the packet sent to the network after processing should not exceed 1200 bytes, otherwise, the SDK may fail to send the packet.</li>
  <li>Ensure that both receivers and senders call this method, otherwise, you may meet undefined behaviors such as no voice and black screen. Ensure that both receivers and senders call this method, otherwise, you may meet undefined behaviors such as no voice and black screen.</li>
  <li>When you use CDN live streaming, recording, or storage functions, Agora doesn&apos;t recommend calling this method. When you use CDN live streaming, recording, or storage functions, Agora doesn&apos;t recommend calling this method.</li>
  <li>Call this method before joining a channel. Call this method before joining a channel.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>observer observer</pt>
  <pd><xref keyref="IPacketObserver"/> 。 <xref keyref="IPacketObserver"/> 。</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
