<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setdefaultaudioroutetospeakerphone">
    <title><ph keyref="setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the default audio route.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method sets whether the received audio is routed to the earpiece or speakerphone by default before joining a channel. If a user does not call this method, the audio is routed to the earpiece by default.</p>
            <p>The default settings for each profile:<ul>
                    <li>For the `COMMUNICATION` profile:<ul>
                            <li>For voice calls, the default voice is from the handset.</li>
                            <li>Audio broadcast: Speakerphone If a user uses the<xref keyref="disableVideo"/>,<xref
                                    keyref="muteLocalVideoStream"/> or<xref
                                    keyref="muteAllRemoteVideoStreams"/> method to turn off the video in the channel, the voice routing will automatically switch back to the handset.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>`LIVE_BROADCASTING`: Speakerphone.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <note outputclass="note">
                <ul>
                    <li props="windows">This method is for Android and iOS only.</li>
                    <li props="ios">This method is for iOS only.</li>
                    <li props="ios windows">This method is applicable only to the `COMMUNICATION` profile. For iOS, this method only works in a voice call. Call this method before calling the \ref IRtcEngine::joinChannel &quot;joinChannel&quot; method.</li>
                    <li>This method needs to be<xref keyref="joinChannel1"/> set before, otherwise it will not take effect.</li>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel<xref keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/>.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>defaultToSpeaker</pt>
                    <pd>Sets the default audio playback route.<ul>
                            <li><ph keyref="true"/>: By default, the sound is output from the external amplifier (speaker). If the playback device connects to the earpiece or Bluetooth, the audio cannot be routed to the speakerphone.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="false"/>: (Default) The sound is output from the earpiece by default. If a headset is plugged in, the audio is routed to the headset.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
