<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startaudiomixing">
    <title><ph keyref="startAudioMixing"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts playing and mixing the music file.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="startAudioMixing" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/startAudioMixing"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
            <p>This method mixes the specified local or online audio file with the audio from the microphone, or replaces the microphone&apos;s audio with the specified local or remote audio file. A successful method call triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioMixingStateChanged"/> (<codeph>PLAY</codeph>) callback. When the audio mixing file playback finishes, the SDK triggers the <apiname keyref="onAudioMixingStateChanged"/> (<codeph>STOPPED</codeph>) callback on the local client.</p>
   <note outputclass="note">
       <ul>
           <li>Call this method after joining a channel. If you need to call <apiname keyref="startAudioMixing"/> multiple times, ensure that the time interval between calling this method is more than 500 ms.</li>
           <li>If the local audio mixing file does not exist, or if the SDK does not support the file format or cannot access the music file URL, the SDK returns <codeph>WARN_AUDIO_MIXING_OPEN_ERROR</codeph> = 701.</li>
           <li props="android">To use this method, ensure that the Android device is v4.2 or later, and the API version is v16 or later.</li>
           <li props="android">If you need to play an online music file, Agora does not recommend using the redirected URL address. Some Android devices may fail to open a redirected URL address.</li>
           <li props="android">If you call this method on an emulator, ensure that the music file is in the /sdcard/ directory and the format is MP3.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
           <pt>filePath</pt>
           <pd><p conkeyref="playEffect3/filepath"/></pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>loopback</pt>
           <pd><p>Whether to only play music files on the local client:<ul>
          <li><ph keyref="true"/>: Only play music files on the local client so that only the local user can hear the music.</li>
          <li><ph keyref="false"/>: Publish music files to remote clients so that both the local user and remote users can hear the music.</li>
      </ul></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>replace</pt>
           <pd><p>Whether to replace the audio captured by the microphone with a music file:<ul>
          <li><ph keyref="true"/>: Replace the audio captured by the microphone with a music file. Users can only hear the music.</li>
          <li><ph keyref="false"/>: Do not replace the audio captured by the microphone with a music file. Users can hear both music and audio captured by the microphone.</li>
      </ul></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>cycle</pt>
           <pd><p>The number of times the music file plays.<ul>
          <li>≥ 0: The number of playback times. For example, 0 means that the SDK does not play the music file while 1 means that the SDK plays once.</li>
          <li>-1: Play the music effect in an infinite loop.</li>
      </ul></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
