<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setremotevoiceposition">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteVoicePosition"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the sound position and gain of a remote user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setRemoteVoicePosition" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setRemoteVoicePosition"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>Set the spatial position and volume of the remote user&apos;s voice to facilitate local users to listen to and identify the voice.</p>
   <p>When the local user calls this method to set the sound position of a remote user, the sound difference between the left and right channels allows the local user to track the real-time position of the remote user, creating a real sense of space. This method applies to massively multiplayer online games, such as Battle Royale games. In a multiplayer online game scene, such as a chicken-eating game, this method can effectively increase the orientation of the game character and simulate a real scene.</p>
   <note outputclass="note">
       <ul>
  <li>To use this method, you need to call to turn on the voice stereo<xref keyref="enableSoundPositionIndication"/> of the remote user before joining the channel.</li>
  <li>This method requires hardware support. For the best sound positioning, we recommend using a stereo speaker.</li>
  <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>uid</pt>
  <pd>ID of the remote user</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>pan</pt>
  <pd>@param pan The sound position of the remote user. The value ranges from -1.0 to 1.0:<ul>
 <li>0.0: the remote sound comes from the front.</li>
 <li>-1.0: the remote sound comes from the left.</li>
 <li>1.0: the remote sound comes from the right.</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>gain</pt>
  <pd>@param gain Gain of the remote user. The value ranges from 0.0 to 100.0. The default value is 100.0 (the original gain of the remote user). The smaller the value, the less the gain.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
