<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_enablelocalaudio">
    <title><ph keyref="enableLocalAudio"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Disables/Re-enables the local audio function.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="enableLocalAudio" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/enableLocalAudio"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>The audio function is enabled by default. This method disables or re-enables the local audio function, that is, to stop or restart local audio capturing.</p>
   <p>This method does not affect receiving or playing the remote audio streams, and <xref keyref="enableLocalAudio"/>(<ph keyref="false"/>) is applicable to scenarios where the user wants to receive remote audio streams without sending any audio stream to other users in the channel.</p>
   <p>Once the local audio function is disabled or re-enabled, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalAudioStateChanged"/> callback, which reports <apiname
  keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_STOPPED"/>(0) or <apiname
  keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_RECORDING"/>(1).<note type="attention"><ul>
       <li>This method is different from the <xref keyref="muteLocalAudioStream"/> method:<ul>
                            <li><apiname keyref="enableLocalVideo"/>: Disables/Re-enables the local audio capturing and processing. If you disable or re-enable local audio capturing using the <codeph>enableLocalAudio</codeph> method, the local user may hear a pause in the remote audio playback.</li>
                            <li><apiname keyref="muteLocalAudioStream"/>: Sends/Stops sending the local audio streams.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>       
       <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li> 
   </ul></note></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>enabled</pt>
  <pd><p><ul>
      <li><ph keyref="true"/>: (Default) Re-enable the local audio function, that is, to start the local audio capturing device (for example, the microphone).</li>
      <li><ph keyref="false"/>: Disable the local audio function, that is, to stop local audio capturing.</li>
  </ul>     
  </p></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
