<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_onremotesubscribefallbacktoaudioonly">
    <title><ph keyref="onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the remote media stream falls back to audio-only stream due to poor network conditions or switches back to the video stream after the network conditions improve. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the remote media stream falls back to audio-only stream due to poor network conditions or switches back to the video stream after the network conditions improve.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>If you call and set <xref keyref="setRemoteSubscribeFallbackOption"/><parmname>option</parmname> as <apiname keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_AUDIO_ONLY"
                />, the SDK triggers this callback when the remote media stream falls back to audio-only mode due to poor uplink conditions, or when the remote media stream switches back to the video after the uplink network condition improves. If you call and set <xref keyref="setRemoteSubscribeFallbackOption"/><parmname>option</parmname> as <apiname keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_AUDIO_ONLY"
                />, the SDK triggers this callback when the remote media stream falls back to audio-only mode due to poor uplink conditions, or when the remote media stream switches back to the video after the uplink network condition improves.</p>
   <note type="attention">Once the remote media stream switches to the low stream due to poor network conditions, you can monitor the stream switch between a high and low stream in the <xref
  keyref="RemoteVideoStats"/> callback. Once the remote media stream switches to the low stream due to poor network conditions, you can monitor the stream switch between a high and low stream in the <xref
  keyref="RemoteVideoStats"/> callback.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry id="uid">
  <pt>uid uid</pt>
  <pd>The ID of the remote user sending the stream. The ID of the remote user sending the stream.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="isFallbackOrRecover">
  <pt>isFallbackOrRecover isFallbackOrRecover</pt>
  <pd>
      <ul>
 <li><ph keyref="true"/>: The remotely subscribed media stream falls back to audio-only due to poor network conditions. <ph keyref="true"/>: The remotely subscribed media stream falls back to audio-only due to poor network conditions.</li>
 <li><ph keyref="false"/>: The remotely subscribed media stream switches back to the video stream after the network conditions improved. <ph keyref="false"/>: The remotely subscribed media stream switches back to the video stream after the network conditions improved.</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
