<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_onaudiovolumeindication">
    <title><ph keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Reports the volume information of users.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/onAudioVolumeIndication"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>This callback is disabled by default, and you can enable it<xref keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication"/> through. After it is turned on, as long as there are streaming users in the channel, the SDK will trigger a callback at<apiname keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication"/> the time interval set in<apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> after joining the channel. The SDK triggers two independent<apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> `onAudioVolumeIndication` callbacks simultaneously, which separately report the volume information of the local user who sends a stream and the remote users (up to three) whose instantaneous volumes are the highest.</p>
   <note type="attention">After this function is enabled, if a user mutes themselves (calls<xref keyref="muteLocalAudioStream"/> ), the SDK behavior will be affected as follows:<ul>
  <li>If the local user calls `muteLocalAudioStream`, the SDK stops triggering the local user&apos;s callback.</li>
  <li>20 seconds after a remote user whose volume is one of the three highest calls `muteLocalAudioStream`, the remote users&apos; callback excludes this remote user&apos;s information; 20 seconds after all remote users call `muteLocalAudioStream`, the SDK stops triggering the remote users&apos; callback.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>speakers</pt>
  <pd>The volume information of users<xref keyref="AudioVolumeInfo"/>. An empty<parmname> speakers</parmname> array in the callback indicates that no remote user is in the channel or sending a stream at the moment.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="windows">
  <pt>@param speakerNumber Total number of users.</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>amount of users.<ul>
     <li>In the local user&apos;s callback, when the local user sends a stream, `<parmname>speakerNumber</parmname> = 1`.</li>
     <li>In the remote users&apos; callback, the<parmname></parmname> value ranges between 0 and 3. If the number of remote users who send streams is greater than or equal to three, `<parmname>speakerNumber</parmname> = 3`.</li>
 </ul>
      </p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>totalVolume</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>/The volume of the speaker. The value ranges between 0 (lowest volume) and 255 (highest volume).<ul>
     <li>In the local user&apos;s callback, <parmname>totalVolume</parmname> is the volume of the local user who sends a stream.</li>
     <li>In the remote users&apos; callback, <parmname>totalVolume</parmname> is the sum of the volume of all remote users (up to three) whose instantaneous volumes are the highest. In the local user&apos;s callback<xref keyref="startAudioMixing"/>, <parmname>totalVolume</parmname> is the volume of the local user who sends a stream.</li>
 </ul>
      </p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
