<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_onrendervideoframeex">
    <title><ph keyref="onRenderVideoFrameEx"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Gets the video frame from multiple channels. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Gets the video frame from multiple channels.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="onRenderVideoFrameEx" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/onRenderVideoFrameEx"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>After you successfully register the video frame observer, if you set the return value of <xref keyref="IVideoFrameObserver_isMultipleChannelFrameWanted"/> as <ph keyref="true"/>, the SDK triggers this callback each time it receives a video frame from any of the channel. After you successfully register the video frame observer, if you set the return value of <xref keyref="IVideoFrameObserver_isMultipleChannelFrameWanted"/> as <ph keyref="true"/>, the SDK triggers this callback each time it receives a video frame from any of the channel.</p>
   <p>You can process the video data retrieved from this callback according to your scenario, and send the processed data back to the SDK using the <parmname>videoFrame</parmname> parameter in this callback. You can process the video data retrieved from this callback according to your scenario, and send the processed data back to the SDK using the <parmname>videoFrame</parmname> parameter in this callback.</p>
   <note type="attention">This callback does not support sending RGBA video data back to the SDK. This callback does not support sending RGBA video data back to the SDK.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="channelID"/></pt>
  <pd>The channel ID of this video frame. The channel ID of this video frame.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="uid"/></pt>
  <pd>The ID of the user sending this video frame. The ID of the user sending this video frame.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>videoFrame videoFrame</pt>
  <pd><xref keyref="VideoFrame"/></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <p>Whether to send this video frame to the SDK if post-processing fails: Whether to send this video frame to the SDK if post-processing fails:<ul id="ul_mg4_vsg_s4b">
  <li><ph keyref="true"/>: Send. <ph keyref="true"/>: Send.</li>
  <li><ph keyref="false"/>: Do not send. <ph keyref="false"/>: Do not send.</li>
       </ul></p>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
