<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setlogfile">
    <title><ph keyref="setLogFile"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the log files that the SDK outputs.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setLogFile" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setLogFile"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl>
       <dlentry outputclass="deprected">
  <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
  <dd>This method is deprecated as of v2.4.0. Use the <parmname>mLogConfig</parmname> parameter in <xref keyref="create2"/> instead.</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>By default, the SDK outputs five log files, agorasdk.log, agorasdk_1.log, agorasdk_2.log, agorasdk_3.log, and agorasdk_4.log, each with a default size of 1024 KB. These log files are encoded in UTF-8. The SDK writes the latest logs in agorasdk.log. When agorasdk.log is full, the SDK deletes the log file with the earliest modification time among the other four, renames agorasdk.log to the name of the deleted log file, and create a new agorasdk.log to record the latest logs.</p>
   <note outputclass="note">Ensure that you call this method immediately after initializing <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>, otherwise, the output log may not be complete.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>filePath</pt>
  <pd>
                        <p>The absolute path of the log files. The default file path is <codeph>C: \Users\&lt;user_name>\AppData\Local\Agora\&lt;process_name>\agorasdk.log</codeph>. Ensure that the directory for the log files exists and is writable. You can use this parameter to rename the log files.</p>
                    </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
