<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setchannelprofile">
    <title><ph keyref="setChannelProfile"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Set the channel profile. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Set the channel profile.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setChannelProfile" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setChannelProfile"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>The Agora IRtcEngine differentiates channel profiles and applies optimization algorithms accordingly. The Agora IRtcEngine differentiates channel profiles and applies optimization algorithms accordingly. For example, it prioritizes smoothness and low latency for a video call, and prioritizes video quality for the interactive live video streaming. For example, it prioritizes smoothness and low latency for a video call, and prioritizes video quality for the interactive live video streaming.</p>
   <note type="tip">
       <ul id="ul_mgd_h2l_b4b">
  <li>To ensure the quality of real-time communication, we recommend that all users in a channel use the same channel profile. To ensure the quality of real-time communication, we recommend that all users in a channel use the same channel profile.</li>
  <li>该方法必须在 <apiname keyref="joinChannel1"/> 前调用和进行设置，进入频道后无法再设置。 This method must be<apiname keyref="joinChannel1"/> called and set before, and cannot be set again after entering the channel.</li>
  <li>不同的频道场景下，SDK 的默认音频路由和默认视频编码码率是不同的，详见 <xref keyref="setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone" /> 和 <xref keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration" /> 中的说明。 In different channel scenarios, the SDK&apos;s default audio routing and default video encoding rate are different. For details, see the<xref keyref="setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone" /> descriptions in and<xref keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration" />.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>profile profile</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>The channel profile. The channel profile. See <xref keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE"/>. See <xref keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE"/>.</p>
      </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0(ERR_OK): Success. 0(ERR_OK): Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
      <li>-2 (ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT): The parameter is invalid. -2 (ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT): The parameter is invalid.</li>
      <li>-7(ERR_NOT_INITIALIZED): The SDK is not initialized. -7(ERR_NOT_INITIALIZED): The SDK is not initialized.</li>
  </ul></li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
