<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setvoicebeautifierparameters">
    <title><ph keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets parameters for SDK preset voice beautifier effects.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   <dl outputclass="since">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Since</dt>
  <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>Call this method to set a gender characteristic and a reverberation effect for the singing beautifier effect. This method sets parameters for the local user who sends an audio stream. After setting the audio parameters, all users in the channel can hear the effect.</p>
   <p>For better voice effects, Agora recommends that you call <xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> and set <parmname>scenario</parmname> to<apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING"/> (3) and <parmname>profile</parmname><apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/> to (4) or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>(5) before calling this method.</p>
   <note outputclass="note">
       <ul>
  <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
  <li>Do not set<apiname keyref="setAudioProfile"/> the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter of to<apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_SPEECH_STANDARD"/> (1) or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_IOT"/>(6), otherwise the method will not take effect.</li>
  <li>This method works best with the human voice. Agora does not recommend using this method for audio containing music.</li>
  <li>After calling this method, Agora recommends not calling the following methods, because they can override \ref IRtcEngine::setVoiceBeautifierPreset &quot;setVoiceBeautifierPreset&quot;:<ul>
 <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectParameters"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverbPreset"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceChanger"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoicePitch"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceEqualization"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverb"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/></li>
      </ul>
  </li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>preset</pt>
  <pd>The options for SDK preset audio effects.<ul>
 <li><codeph>SINGING_BEAUTIFIER</codeph>: Singing beautifier effect.</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>param1</pt>
  <pd>The gender characteristics options for the singing voice:<ul>
 <li>`<codeph>1</codeph>`: A male-sounding voice.</li>
 <li>`<codeph>2</codeph>`: A female-sounding voice.</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>param2</pt>
  <pd>The reverberation effect options for the singing voice:<ul>
 <li>`<codeph>1</codeph>`: The reverberation effect sounds like singing in a small room.</li>
 <li>`<codeph>2</codeph>`: The reverberation effect sounds like singing in a large room.</li>
 <li>`<codeph>3</codeph>`: The reverberation effect sounds like singing in a hall.</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
