<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setupremotevideo">
    <title><ph keyref="setupRemoteVideo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Initializes the video view of a remote user. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Initializes the video view of a remote user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setupRemoteVideo" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section>
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setupRemoteVideo"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>This method initializes the video view of a remote stream on the local device. It affects only the video view that the local user sees. Call this method to bind the remote video stream to a video view and to set the rendering and mirror modes of the video view. This method initializes the video view of a remote stream on the local device. It affects only the video view that the local user sees. Call this method to bind the remote video stream to a video view and to set the rendering and mirror modes of the video view.</p>
   <p>The application specifies the uid of the remote video in this method before the remote user joins the channel. The application specifies the uid of the remote video in this method before the remote user joins the channel. 如果无法在加入频道前得到远端用户的 ID，可以在收到 <xref keyref="onUserJoined"/> 回调时调用该方法。 If you cannot get the ID of the remote user before joining the channel, you can<xref keyref="onUserJoined"/> call this method when the callback is received.</p>
            <p>To unbind the remote user from the view, set<xref keyref="VideoCanvas"/> the view in VideoCanvas<parmname></parmname> to NULL. To unbind the remote user from the view, set<xref keyref="VideoCanvas"/> the view in VideoCanvas<parmname></parmname> to NULL.</p>
            <p>Once the remote user leaves the channel, the SDK unbinds the remote user. Once the remote user leaves the channel, the SDK unbinds the remote user.</p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
           <li>如果你希望在通话中更新远端用户视图的渲染或镜像模式，请使用 <xref keyref="setRemoteRenderMode2"/> 方法。 If you want to update the rendering or mirroring mode of the remote user&apos;s view during a call, please use the<xref keyref="setRemoteRenderMode2"/> method.</li>
           <li>如果你使用了 Agora 录制服务，录制服务会作为一个哑客户端加入频道，因此也会触发 <xref keyref="onUserJoined"/> 回调。 If you use the Agora recording service, the recording service will join the channel as a dumb client, so the callback will also be triggered<xref keyref="onUserJoined"/>. 由于录制服务不会发送视频流，app 无需为它绑定视图。 Since the recording service does not send a video stream, the app does not need to bind a view to it. 如果 app 无法识别哑客户端，可以在收到 <xref keyref="onFirstRemoteVideoDecoded"/> 回调时再绑定远端用户视图。 If the app cannot recognize the dumb client, it can<xref keyref="onFirstRemoteVideoDecoded"/> bind the remote user view when it receives the callback.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>canvas canvas</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>Set the remote video. Set the remote video. See <xref keyref="VideoCanvas"/>. See <xref keyref="VideoCanvas"/>.</p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
