<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_createdatastream1">
    <title><ph keyref="createDataStream1"/><ph>[1/2]</ph></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Creates a data stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="createDataStream1" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/createDataStream1"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="deprecated">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
  <dd>This method is deprecated as of v2.4.0. Please use <xref keyref="createDataStream2"/>[2/2] instead.</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p id="desc">Creates a data stream. Each user can create up to five data streams during the lifecycle of the IRtcEngine. The data channel in the channel allows up to 5 seconds of data delay. If the receiver has not received the data stream for more than 5 seconds, the data channel will report an error to the App.</p>
   <note outputclass="note" id="note">
       <ul>
  <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
  <li><parmname>Reliable</parmname> and <parmname>ordered</parmname> need to be or at the same time<ph keyref="true"/><ph keyref="false"/>. You cannot set one to<ph keyref="true"/> the other<ph keyref="false"/>.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry props="windows" id="streamId">
  <pt>streamId</pt>
  <pd>Output parameter, data stream ID.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>reliable</pt>
  <pd><p>Is the data stream reliable:<ul>
      <li><ph keyref="true"/>: The receiver will receive the data sent by the sender within 5 seconds, otherwise it will receive a<xref keyref="onStreamMessageError"/> callback and get the corresponding error message.</li>
      <li><ph keyref="false"/>false: There is no guarantee that the recipients receive the data stream within five seconds and no error message is reported for any delay or missing data stream.</li>
  </ul></p></pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="ordered">
  <pt>ordered</pt>
  <pd><p>Is the data flow in order:<ul>
      <li><ph keyref="true"/>false: The recipients do not receive the data stream in the sent order.</li>
      <li><ph keyref="false"/>false: The recipients do not receive the data stream in the sent order.</li>
  </ul></p></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <p><ul>
       <li props="android">Successfully created data stream ID: The method was successfully called.</li>
       <li props="windows">Success.</li>
       <li>&lt;Fails to create the data stream. You can refer to <xref href="error_rtc.md" format="md">error codes and warning codes for </xref>troubleshooting.</li>
   </ul></p>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
