<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_getobservedframeposition">
    <title><ph keyref="getObservedFramePosition"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the frame position for the video observer.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="getObservedFramePosition" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/getObservedFramePosition"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
       <dl outputclass="since">
  <dlentry>
      <dt>Since</dt>
      <dd>v3.0.1</dd>
  </dlentry>
       </dl>
   <p>After successfully registering the video data observer, the SDK will use the callback to determine whether to trigger<xref keyref="onCaptureVideoFrame"/> and <xref keyref="onPreEncodeVideoFrame"/>callback at each specific video frame processing node<xref keyref="onRenderVideoFrame"/>, so that you can observe the locally collected video data, the video data sent by the remote end, and the video data before encoding. . You can set one or more locations you need to observe by modifying<apiname keyref="getObservedFramePosition"/> the return value according to the needs of the scene:<ul><li><apiname keyref="POSITION_POST_CAPTURER">POSITION_POST_CAPTURER</apiname>(1 &lt;&lt; 0), the<apiname keyref="onCaptureVideoFrame"/><apiname keyref="POSITION_POST_CAPTURER"> position</apiname> after the video data is collected locally, corresponding to the callback.</li>
       <li><apiname keyref="POSITION_PRE_RENDERER"/>(1 &lt;&lt; 1), receiving the position before the video sent by the remote end, corresponding to the<apiname keyref="onRenderVideoFrame"/> callback.</li>
       <li><apiname keyref="POSITION_PRE_ENCODER"/>(1 &lt;&lt; 2), the position before the local video encoding, corresponds to the<apiname keyref="onPreEncodeVideoFrame"/> callback.</li>
   </ul></p>
   <note outputclass="note">
       <ul id="ul_rkl_wmg_s4b">
  <li>Use &apos;|&apos; (the OR operator) to observe multiple frame positions.</li>
  <li>This callback observes `<apiname keyref="POSITION_POST_CAPTURER"
 >POSITION_POST_CAPTURER</apiname>(1 &lt;&lt; 0)` and `<apiname
 keyref="POSITION_PRE_RENDERER"/><apiname keyref="POSITION_POST_CAPTURER"
 >POSITION_PRE_RENDERER</apiname>(1 &lt;&lt; 1)` by default.</li>
  <li>To conserve the system consumption, you can reduce the number of frame positions that you want to observe.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
   
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <p>Set the bit mask: of the observation position<xref keyref="VIDEO_OBSERVER_POSITION"/>.</p>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
