<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startlastmileprobetest">
    <title><ph keyref="startLastmileProbeTest" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts the last-mile network probe test.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startLastmileProbeTest" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/startLastmileProbeTest" />
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>v2.4.0</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>This method starts the last-mile network probe test before joining a channel to get the uplink and downlink last mile network statistics, including the bandwidth, packet loss, jitter, and round-trip time (RTT).</p>
            <p>Once this method is enabled, the SDK returns the following callbacks:<ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="onLastmileQuality" />: The SDK triggers this callback within two seconds depending on the network conditions. This callback rates the network conditions and is more closely linked to the user experience.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="onLastmileProbeResult" />: The SDK triggers this callback within 30 seconds depending on the network conditions. This callback returns the real-time statistics of the network conditions and is more objective.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>This method applies to the following scenarios:<ul>
                    <li>Before a user joins a channel, call this method to check the uplink network quality.</li>
                    <li>In a live streaming channel, call this method to check the uplink network quality before an audience member switches to a host.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <note outputclass="note">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method consumes extra network traffic and may affect communication quality. We do not recommend calling this method and <xref keyref="enableLastmileTest" /> at the same time.</li>
                    <li>Do not call other methods before receiving the <apiname keyref="onLastmileQuality" /> and <apiname keyref="onLastmileProbeResult" /> callbacks. Otherwise, the callbacks may be interrupted.</li>
                    <li>A host should not call this method after joining a channel (when in a call).</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameter</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>The configurations of the last-mile network probe test: <xref keyref="LastmileProbeConfig" />.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>