<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_addvideowatermark2">
    <title><ph keyref="addVideoWatermark2"/>[2/2]</title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Adds a watermark image to the local video.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="addVideoWatermark2" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/addVideoWatermark2"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>This method adds a PNG watermark image to the local video in the live streaming. Once the watermark image is added, all the audience in the channel (CDN audience included), and the capturing device can see and capture it. Agora supports adding only one watermark image onto the local video, and the newly watermark image replaces the previous one.</p>
   <p>The watermark coordinates<xref keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration"/> are dependent on the settings in the method:<ul>
  <li>If the orientation mode of the encoding video<xref keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE"/> is #ORIENTATION_MODE_FIXED_LANDSCAPE, or the landscape mode in #ORIENTATION_MODE_ADAPTIVE, the watermark uses the landscape orientation.</li>
  <li>If the orientation mode of the encoding video<apiname keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE"/> is #ORIENTATION_MODE_FIXED_PORTRAIT, or the portrait mode in #ORIENTATION_MODE_ADAPTIVE, the watermark uses the portrait orientation.</li>
  <li>When setting the watermark position, the region must be less than the dimensions set in the<apiname keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration"/> `setVideoEncoderConfiguration` method. Otherwise, the watermark image will be cropped.</li>
       </ul>
   </p>
   <note outputclass="note">
       <ul>
  <li>Call<xref keyref="enableVideo"/> this method before joining a channel.</li>
  <li>If you just add a watermark to the bypass live broadcast (push to CDN), you can use this method or<xref keyref="setLiveTranscoding"/> method to set the watermark.</li>
  <li>This method supports adding a watermark image in the PNG file format only. Supported pixel formats of the PNG image are RGBA, RGB, Palette, Gray, and Alpha_gray.</li>
  <li>If the dimensions of the PNG image differ from your settings in this method, the image will be cropped or zoomed to conform to your settings.</li>
  <li>If you have used<xref keyref="startPreview"/> the method to open the local video preview, the visibleInPreview of this method can set whether the watermark is<codeph> visible</codeph> during the<codeph> preview</codeph>.</li>
  <li>If you have enabled the mirror mode for the local video, the watermark on the local video is also mirrored. To avoid mirroring the watermark, Agora recommends that you do not use the mirror and watermark functions for the local video at the same time. You can implement the watermark function in your application layer.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>watermarkUrl</pt>
  <pd>The options of the watermark image to be added. This method supports adding a watermark image from the local absolute or relative file path.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>options</pt>
  <pd>The options of the watermark image to be added<xref keyref="WatermarkOptions"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
