<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startscreencapture">
    <title><ph keyref="startScreenCapture"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">DEPRECATED Starts screen sharing.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="startScreenCapture" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/startScreenCapture"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="deprecated">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
  <dd>This method is deprecated as of v2.4.0. See the following methods instead:<ul>
      <li><xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/></li>
      <li props="windows"><xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByScreenRect"/></li>
      <li><xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/></li>
  </ul></dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>This method shares the whole screen, specified window, or specified region:<ul>
       <li>Whole screen: Set @p <parmname>windowId</parmname> as 0 and @p <parmname>rect</parmname> as <ph keyref="NULL"/>NULL.</li>
       <li>Specified window: Set @p <parmname>windowId</parmname> as a value other than 0. Each window has a @p windowId that is not 0<parmname></parmname>.</li>
       <li>Specified region: Set @p <parmname>windowId</parmname> as 0 and @p <parmname>rect</parmname> not as NULL<ph keyref="NULL"/>. In this case, you can share the specified region, for example by dragging the mouse or implementing your own logic. The specified region is a region on the whole screen. Currently, sharing a specified region in a specific window is not supported.</li>
   </ul></p>
   <note outputclass="info"><parmname>captureFreq</parmname> is the captured frame rate once the screen-sharing function is enabled. The mandatory value ranges between 1 fps and 15 fps. No matter which of the above functions you enable, 0 will be returned when the execution is successful, and an error code will be returned when the execution fails.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>windowId</pt>
  <pd>Updates the screen sharing region.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>captureFreq</pt>
  <pd>@param captureFreq (Mandatory) The captured frame rate. The value ranges between 1 fps and 15 fps.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>rect</pt>
  <pd><parmname>@param rect</parmname> Specifies the screen-sharing region. <xref keyref="Rect"/><parmname>@p </parmname><parmname>rect</parmname> is valid when @p windowsId is set as 0. When @p rect is set as<ph keyref="NULL"/> NULL, the whole screen is shared.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>bitrate</pt>
  <pd>Screen-sharing.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
