<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setenablespeakerphone">
    <title><ph keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables/Disables the audio playback route to the speakerphone. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Enables/Disables the audio playback route to the speakerphone.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setEnableSpeakerphone"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method sets whether the audio is routed to the speakerphone or earpiece. This method sets whether the audio is routed to the speakerphone or earpiece. After a successful method call, the SDK triggers<xref keyref="onAudioRouteChanged"/> the callback. After calling this method, the SDK will return a callback to<xref keyref="onAudioRouteChanged"/> indicate that the status has changed.</p>
            <p props="android windows"><ph props="windows">在 Android 上，</ph><xref
                    keyref="setAudioProfile"/> 中 <parmname>scenario</parmname> 及 <xref
                    keyref="setChannelProfile"/> 的设置会影响 <apiname keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/> 的行为。 <ph props="windows">On Android,</ph><xref
                    keyref="setAudioProfile"/> the settings of<apiname keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/><parmname> scenario</parmname><xref
                    keyref="setChannelProfile"/> and will affect the behavior of. <apiname keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/> 不生效的情况如下： <apiname keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/> The non-effective circumstances are as follows:<ul>
                    <li>当 <parmname>scenario</parmname> 为 <apiname
                            keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING"/> 时，所有用户都无法切换音频路由。 When <parmname>scenario</parmname> is<apiname
                            keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING"/>, all users cannot switch audio routing.</li>
                    <li>If you set `<parmname>scenario</parmname>` as `<parmname>AUDIO_SCENARIO_DEFAULT</parmname>` or<apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_SHOWROOM"/> `<parmname>AUDIO_SCENARIO_SHOWROOM</parmname><apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_DEFAULT"/>`, the audience cannot change the audio playback route. If there is only one broadcaster is in the channel, the broadcaster cannot change the audio playback route either. If you set `<parmname>scenario</parmname>` as `<parmname>AUDIO_SCENARIO_DEFAULT</parmname>` or<apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_SHOWROOM"/> `<parmname>AUDIO_SCENARIO_SHOWROOM</parmname><apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_DEFAULT"/>`, the audience cannot change the audio playback route. If there is only one broadcaster is in the channel, the broadcaster cannot change the audio playback route either.</li>
                    <li>If you set `<parmname>scenario</parmname>` as `<parmname>AUDIO_SCENARIO_EDUCATION</parmname><apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_EDUCATION"
                        />`, the audience cannot change the audio playback route. If you set `<parmname>scenario</parmname>` as `<parmname>AUDIO_SCENARIO_EDUCATION</parmname><apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_EDUCATION"
                        />`, the audience cannot change the audio playback route.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <note type="attention">
                <ul>
                    <li props="windows">This method is for Android and iOS only. This method is for Android and iOS only.</li>
                    <li>Ensure that you call to create a data channel before calling this method<xref keyref="joinChannel1"/>. Please make sure that the method has been called before calling this<xref keyref="joinChannel1"/> method.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="windows">speakerOn speakerOn</pt>
                    <pt props="android">enabled enabled</pt>
                    <pt props="ios mac">enableSpeaker enableSpeaker</pt>
                    <pd>This method sets whether the audio is routed to the speakerphone or earpiece. This method sets whether the audio is routed to the speakerphone or earpiece.<ul>
                            <li><ph keyref="true"/>true: Route the audio to the speakerphone. <ph keyref="true"/>true: Route the audio to the speakerphone. If the playback device connects to the earpiece or Bluetooth, the audio cannot be routed to the speakerphone. If the playback device connects to the earpiece or Bluetooth, the audio cannot be routed to the speakerphone.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="false"/>false: Route the audio to the earpiece. <ph keyref="false"/>false: Route the audio to the earpiece. If a headset is plugged in, the audio is routed to the headset. If a headset is plugged in, the audio is routed to the headset.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
