<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setaudioprofile">
    <title><ph keyref="setAudioProfile"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the audio parameters and application scenarios. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the audio parameters and application scenarios.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setAudioProfile" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setAudioProfile"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>This method needs to be<xref keyref="joinChannel1"/> set before . If you call this method after ,<apiname keyref="joinChannel1"/> the settings do not take effect. This method needs to be set before <xref keyref="joinChannel1"/>. If you call this method after <apiname keyref="joinChannel1"/>, the settings do not take effect.</li>
  <li>In the COMMUNICATION and LIVE_BROADCASTING profiles, the bitrate may be different from your settings due to network self-adaptation. In the COMMUNICATION and LIVE_BROADCASTING profiles, the bitrate may be different from your settings due to network self-adaptation.</li>
  <li>In scenes requiring high-quality audio, such as online music tutoring, Agora recommends you set <parmname>profile</parmname> as <ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/>(4) and <parmname>scenario</parmname> as <ph keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING"/>(3). In scenes requiring high-quality audio, such as online music tutoring, Agora recommends you set <parmname>profile</parmname> as <ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/>(4) and <parmname>scenario</parmname> as <ph keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING"/>(3).</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>profile profile</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>The sample rate, bitrate, encoding mode, and the number of channels. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_TYPE"/>. The sample rate, bitrate, encoding mode, and the number of channels. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_TYPE"/>.</p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>scenario scenario</pt>
  <pd>The audio application scenario. See<xref keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_TYPE"/> . The audio application scenario. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_TYPE"/>. Under different audio scenarios, the device uses different volume types. Under different audio scenarios, the device uses different volume types. For details, see <xref keyref="faq-system-volume"/>. For details, see <xref keyref="faq-system-volume"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
       <li> &lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
