<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_enabledeeplearningdenoise">
    <title><ph keyref="enableDeepLearningDenoise"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables or disables deep-learning noise reduction.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="enableDeepLearningDenoise" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/enableDeepLearningDenoise"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="since">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Since</dt>
  <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>The SDK enables traditional noise reduction mode by default to reduce most of the stationary background noise. If you need to reduce most of the non-stationary background noise, Agora recommends enabling deep-learning noise reduction as follows:<ol>
       <li>Integrate the dynamic library files in the libs folder into the project: <codeph props="android">libagora_ai_denoise_extension.soAgoraAIDenoiseExtension.xcframework </codeph><codeph props="ios"></codeph><codeph props="mac">AgoraAIDenoiseExtension.frameworklibagora_ai_denoise_extension.dll</codeph><codeph props="windows"></codeph></li>
       <li>2. Call `<apiname>enableDeepLearningDenoise</apiname>(<ph keyref="true"/>true)`.</li>
   </ol></p>
   <p>AI noise reduction mode has requirements for device performance. Only when the device performance is good, the SDK will successfully enable the AI noise reduction mode. For example, the following devices and later models are known to support deep-learning noise reduction:<ul>
       <li>iPhone 6S</li>
       <li>MacBook Pro 2015</li>
       <li>iPad Pro (2nd generation)</li>
       <li>iPad mini (5th generation)</li>
       <li>iPad Air (3rd generation)</li>
   </ul></p>
   <p>After successfully enabling deep-learning noise reduction, if the SDK detects that the device performance is not sufficient, it automatically disables deep-learning noise reduction and enables traditional noise reduction.</p>
   <p>If you call `<apiname>enableDeepLearningDenoise</apiname>(<ph keyref="true"/>false)` or the SDK automatically disables deep-learning noise reduction in the channel, when you need to re-enable deep-learning noise reduction, you need to call \ref IRtcEngine<xref keyref="leaveChannel"/>::leaveChannel &quot;leaveChannel&quot; first, and then call `<apiname>enableDeepLearningDenoise</apiname>(<ph keyref="true"/>true)`.</p>
   <note outputclass="note"><ul>
       <li>This method dynamically loads the library, so Agora recommends calling this method before joining a channel.</li>
       <li>This method has the best effect on human voice processing. This method works best with the human voice. Agora does not recommend using this method for audio containing music.</li>
   </ul></note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>enabled</pt>
  <pd><p>Enables or disables deep-learning noise reduction.<ul>
      <li><ph keyref="true"/>true: (Default) Enables deep-learning noise reduction.</li>
      <li><ph keyref="false"/>0: Closed.</li>
  </ul></p></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
  <li>-157 (<codeph>ERR_MODULE_NOT_FOUND</codeph>): The dynamical library for enabling deep-learning noise reduction is<codeph> not</codeph> integrated.</li>
       </ul></li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
