<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_uploadlogfile">
    <title><ph keyref="uploadLogFile"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Uploads all SDK log files.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="uploadLogFile" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/uploadLogFile"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="since">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Since</dt>
  <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>Uploads all SDK log files from the client to the Agora server. After calling this method successfully, the SDK will trigger a callback to<xref keyref="onUploadLogResult"/> report whether the log file is successfully uploaded to the Agora server.</p>
   <p props="windows"><note outputclass="note">@note Do not call this method more than once per minute, otherwise the SDK reports #<codeph>ERR_TOO_OFTEN </codeph>(12).</note>。</p>
   <p props="android ios mac"><note outputclass="note">This method cannot be called more than once per minute, and will return after exceeding<ph keyref="NULL"/>.</note></p>
   <p>For easier debugging, Agora recommends that you bind <apiname>this</apiname> method to the UI element of your App, so as to instruct the user to<apiname> upload</apiname> a log file when a quality issue occurs.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml props="windows">
       <plentry>
  <pt>requestId</pt>
  <pd><p>The unique ID of this request. The request ID is consistent with<xref keyref="onUploadLogResult"/> the requestId in the callback<parmname></parmname>. You can associate specific uploads with callbacks through<parmname> requestId</parmname>.</p></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul props="windows">
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
  <li>-12(<codeph>ERR_TOO_OFTEN</codeph>): The call frequency exceeds the limit.</li>
       </ul></li>
   </ul>
   <ul props="android ios mac">
       <li>Method call succeeded: Return the request ID. The request ID is consistent with<xref keyref="onUploadLogResult"/> the requestId in the callback<parmname></parmname>. You can associate specific uploads with callbacks through<parmname> requestId</parmname>.</li>
       <li>If the call fails, returns NO<ph keyref="NULL"/>. 5: The method call frequency exceeds the limit.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
