<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_muteallremotevideostreams">
    <title><ph keyref="muteAllRemoteVideoStreams"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Stops or resumes subscribing to the video streams of all remote users. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Stops or resumes subscribing to the video streams of all remote users.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="muteAllRemoteVideoStreams" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/muteAllRemoteVideoStreams"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>As of v3.3.0, after successfully calling this method, the local user stops or resumes subscribing to the video streams of all remote users, including all subsequent users. As of v3.3.0, after successfully calling this method, the local user stops or resumes subscribing to the video streams of all remote users, including all subsequent users.</p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>Call this method after joining a channel. Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
  <li>See recommended settings in Set the Subscribing State. See recommended settings in Set the Subscribing State.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>mute mute</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>Whether to stop subscribing to the video streams of all remote users. Whether to stop subscribing to the video streams of all remote users.</p>
 <ul>
     <li><ph keyref="true"/>Whether to stop subscribing to the video streams of all remote users. <ph keyref="true"/>Whether to stop subscribing to the video streams of all remote users.</li>
     <li><ph keyref="false"/>: (Default) Subscribe to the audio streams of all remote users by default. <ph keyref="false"/>: (Default) Subscribe to the audio streams of all remote users by default.</li>
 </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
       <li> &lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
