<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setlocalvoicechanger">
    <title><ph keyref="setLocalVoiceChanger"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the local voice changer option.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setLocalVoiceChanger" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setLocalVoiceChanger"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="deprecated">
       <dlentry >
  <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
           <dd>Deprecated from v3.2.0. Use the following methods instead:<ul>
                   <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/> : Audio effects.</li>
                   <li><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/> : Voice beautifier effects.</li>
                   <li><xref keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/> : Voice conversion effects.</li>
               </ul>
            </dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>This method can be used to set the local voice effect for users in a COMMUNICATION channel or hosts in a LIVE_BROADCASTING channel. After successfully calling this method, all users in the channel can hear the voice with reverberation.<ul>
  <li><codeph>VOICE_CHANGER_XXX</codeph>: Changes the local voice to an old man, a little boy, or the Hulk. Applies to the voice talk scenario.</li>
  <li><codeph>VOICE_BEAUTY_XXX</codeph>: Beautifies the local voice by making it sound more vigorous, resounding, or adding spacial resonance. Applies to the voice talk and singing scenario.</li>
  <li><codeph>GENERAL_VOICE_BEAUTY_XXX</codeph>: Adds gender-based beautification effect to the local voice. Applies to the voice talk scenario. For a male voice: Adds magnetism to the voice. For a female voice: Adds freshness or vitality to the voice.</li>
       </ul>
   </p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>To achieve better voice effect quality, Agora recommends setting the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter in <xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> as <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/>(4) or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>(5).</li>
  <li>This method works best with the human voice, and Agora does not recommend using it for audio containing music and a human voice.</li>
  <li>Do not use this method with <xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverbPreset"/>, because the method called later overrides the one called earlier. For detailed considerations, see the advanced guide Voice Changer and Reverberation.</li>
  <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>voiceChanger</pt>
  <pd>The local voice changer option. The default value is <apiname keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_OFF"/>, which means the original voice. For details, see <xref keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_PRESET"/>. The gender-based beatification effect works best only when assigned a proper gender. Use <apiname keyref="GENERAL_BEAUTY_VOICE_MALE_MAGNETIC"/> for male and use <apiname keyref="GENERAL_BEAUTY_VOICE_FEMALE_FRESH"/> and <apiname keyref="GENERAL_BEAUTY_VOICE_FEMALE_VITALITY"/> for female. Failure to do so can lead to voice distortion.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
