<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_onnetworkquality">
    <title><ph keyref="onNetworkQuality"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Reports the last mile network quality of each user in the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="onNetworkQuality"/>
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   
   <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/onNetworkQuality"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>This callback reports the last mile network conditions of each user in the channel. Last mile refers to the connection between the local device and Agora&apos;s edge server.</p>
   <p>The SDK triggers this callback once every two seconds. If a channel includes multiple users, the SDK triggers this callback as many times.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry id="uid">
  <pt><ph keyref="uid"/></pt>
  <pd>User ID The network quality of the user with this user ID is reported. If <ph keyref="uid"/> is 0, the local network quality is reported.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="txQuality">
  <pt>txQuality</pt>
  <pd>Uplink network quality rating of the user in terms of the transmission bit rate, packet loss rate, average RTT (Round-Trip Time) and jitter of the uplink network. This parameter is a quality rating helping you understand how well the current uplink network conditions can support the selected video encoder configuration. For example, a 1000 Kbps uplink network may be adequate for video frames with a resolution of 640 × 480 and a frame rate of 15 fps in the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile, but may be inadequate for resolutions higher than 1280 × 720. See <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="rxQuality">
  <pt>rxQuality</pt>
  <pd>Downlink network quality rating of the user in terms of packet loss rate, average RTT, and jitter of the downlink network. See <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
