<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setvideosource">
    <title><ph keyref="setVideoSource"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets a custom video source. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Sets a custom video source.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setVideoSource" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setVideoSource"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>During real-time communication, the Agora SDK enables the default video input device, that is, the built-in camera to capture video. During real-time communication, the Agora SDK enables the default video input device, that is, the built-in camera to capture video. If you need a custom video source, implement the class first<xref
  keyref="IVideoSource"/>, and call this method to add the custom video source to the SDK. If you need a custom video source, implement the <xref
  keyref="IVideoSource"/> class first, and call this method to add the custom video source to the SDK.</p>
   <note type="attention">You can call this method either before or after joining a channel. You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>source source</pt>
  <pd>Sets a custom video source. Sets a custom video source. For details, see <xref keyref="IVideoSource"/>. For details, see <xref keyref="IVideoSource"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li><ph keyref="true"/>true: The custom video source is added to the SDK. <ph keyref="true"/>true: The custom video source is added to the SDK.</li>
       <li><ph keyref="false"/>false: The custom video source is not added to the SDK. <ph keyref="false"/>false: The custom video source is not added to the SDK.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
