<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setvoicebeautifierpreset">
    <title><ph keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets a preset voice beautifier effect. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Sets a preset voice beautifier effect.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   <dl outputclass="since">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Since Since</dt>
  <dd>v3.2.0 v3.2.0</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>Call this method to set a preset voice beautifier effect for the local user who sends an audio stream. Call this method to set a preset voice beautifier effect for the local user who sends an audio stream. After setting a voice beautifier effect, all users in the channel can hear the effect. After setting a voice beautifier effect, all users in the channel can hear the effect. You can set different audio effects for different scenarios. For details, see Set the Voice Beautifier and Audio Effects. You can set different audio effects for different scenarios. For details, see Set the Voice Beautifier and Audio Effects.</p>
   <p>For better voice effects, Agora recommends that you call and set <xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/><parmname>scenario</parmname> to<apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING"/> (3) and <parmname>profile</parmname><apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/> to (4) or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>(5) before calling this method. For better voice effects, Agora recommends that you call <xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> and set <parmname>scenario</parmname> to<apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING"/> (3) and <parmname>profile</parmname><apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/> to (4) or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>(5) before calling this method.</p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel. You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
  <li>Do not set<apiname keyref="setAudioProfile"/> the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter in to<apiname
                            keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_SPEECH_STANDARD"/> (1) or <apiname
                            keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_IOT"/>(6), or the method will not take effect. Do not set the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter in <apiname keyref="setAudioProfile"/> to<apiname
                            keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_SPEECH_STANDARD"/> (1) or <apiname
                            keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_IOT"/>(6), or the method will not take effect.</li>
  <li>This method works best with the human voice. Agora does not recommend using this method for audio containing music. This method works best with the human voice. Agora does not recommend using this method for audio containing music.</li>
  <li>After calling<apiname keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/> , Agora recommends not calling the following methods, because<apiname keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/> they can override : After calling this method<apiname keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/>, Agora recommends not calling the following methods, because they can override \ref IRtcEngine<apiname keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/>::setVoiceBeautifierPreset &quot;setVoiceBeautifierPreset&quot;:<ul>
 <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectParameters"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverbPreset"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceChanger"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoicePitch"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceEqualization"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverb"/></li>
 <li><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/></li>
          <li><xref keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/></li>
      </ul>
  </li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>preset preset</pt>
  <pd>The preset voice beautifier effect option: <xref keyref="VOICE_BEAUTIFIER_PRESET"/>. The preset voice beautifier effect option: <xref keyref="VOICE_BEAUTIFIER_PRESET"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
