<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setremoteuserpriority">
     <title><ph keyref="setRemoteUserPriority" /></title>
     <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Prioritizes a remote user&apos;s stream. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Prioritizes a remote user&apos;s stream.</ph></shortdesc>
     <prolog>
          <metadata>
               <keywords>
                    <indexterm keyref="setRemoteUserPriority" />
               </keywords>
          </metadata>
     </prolog>
     <refbody>
          <section id="prototype">
               <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setRemoteUserPriority" />
          </section>
          <section id="detailed_desc">
               <dl outputclass="since">
                    <dlentry>
                         <dt>Since Since</dt>
                         <dd>v2.4.0 v2.4.0</dd>
                    </dlentry>
               </dl>
               <p>Prioritizes a remote user&apos;s stream. Prioritizes a remote user&apos;s stream. If the priority of a certain user is set to high, the priority of the audio and video stream sent to this user will be higher than that of other users. If the priority of a certain user is set to high, the priority of the audio and video stream sent to this user will be higher than that of other users. The SDK ensures the high-priority user gets the best possible stream quality. The SDK ensures the high-priority user gets the best possible stream quality.</p>
               <note type="attention">
                    <ul>
                         <li>The Agora SDK supports setting @p userPriority as high for one user only. The Agora SDK supports setting @p userPriority as high for one user only.</li>
                         <li>Ensure that you call this method before joining a channel. Ensure that you call this method before joining a channel.</li>
                    </ul>
               </note>
          </section>
          <section id="parameters">
               <title>Parameter Parameter</title>
               <parml>
                    <plentry>
                         <pt>uid uid</pt>
                         <pd>The ID of the remote user. The ID of the remote user.</pd>
                    </plentry>
                    <plentry>
                         <pt>userPriority userPriority</pt>
                         <pd>The priority of the remote user. The priority of the remote user. See:<xref keyref="PRIORITY_TYPE" />. See:<xref keyref="PRIORITY_TYPE" />.</pd>
                    </plentry>
               </parml>
          </section>
          <section id="return_values">
               <title>Returns Returns</title>
               <ul>
                    <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
               </ul>
          </section>
     </refbody>
</reference>