<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setuplocalvideo">
    <title><ph keyref="setupLocalVideo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Initializes the local video view. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Initializes the local video view.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setupLocalVideo" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">

        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/setupLocalVideo"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method initializes the video view of a local stream on the local device. It affects only the video view that the local user sees, not the published local video stream. This method initializes the video view of a local stream on the local device. It affects only the video view that the local user sees, not the published local video stream. Call this method to bind the local video stream to a video <parmname>view </parmname>and to set the rendering and mirror modes of the video <parmname>view</parmname>. Call this method to bind the local video stream to a video <parmname>view </parmname>and to set the rendering and mirror modes of the video <parmname>view</parmname>.</p>
            <p>In App development, this method is usually called after initialization to set the local video, and then join the channel. In App development, this method is usually called after initialization to set the local video, and then join the channel. The binding is still valid after the user leaves the channel, which means that the window still displays. To unbind the view, set<ph keyref="NULL"/> the<parmname> view</parmname> in VideoCanvas to NULL. The binding is still valid after the user leaves the channel, which means that the window still displays. To unbind the view, set<ph keyref="NULL"/> the<parmname> view</parmname> in VideoCanvas to NULL.</p>
            <note type="attention">
                <ul>
                    <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel. You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>If you want to update the rendering or mirroring mode of the local user view during a call, please use the<xref keyref="setLocalRenderMode2"/> method. If you want to update the rendering or mirroring mode of the local user view during a call, please use the<xref keyref="setLocalRenderMode2"/> method.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>canvas canvas</pt>
  <pd>Local video display attributes. Local video display attributes. See <xref keyref="VideoCanvas"/>. See <xref keyref="VideoCanvas"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
