<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_rtcengineconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="RtcEngineConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the log files that the SDK outputs.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/RtcEngineConfig"/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>eventHandler</pt>
  <pd>Agora SDK callback handle. See <xref keyref="IRtcEngineEventHandler"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt props="windows">appId</pt>
  <pt props="android">mAppId</pt>
  <pd><p>The App ID issued by Agora for the app development project. Only users in apps with the same App ID can join the same channel and communicate with each other.</p>
      <p props="windows">Use an App ID to create only one `IRtcEngine<xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>` instance. If you need to change the App ID, you must first call to<xref keyref="release"/> destroy the current IRtcEngine, and then call<xref keyref="createAgoraRtcEngine"/> and<xref keyref="create2"/> recreate.<apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"></apiname></p>
      <p props="android ios mac">Use an App ID to create only one `IRtcEngine<xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>` instance. If you need to change the App ID, you must call<xref keyref="release"/> destroy the current IRtcEngine first, and then call<xref keyref="create2"/> recreate.<apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"></apiname></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>context</pt>
  <pd>The video window handle. Once set, this parameter enables you to plug or unplug the video devices while they are powered.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>areaCode</pt>
  <pd><p>The region for connection. This advanced feature applies to scenarios that have regional restrictions. See for details of supported regions<xref keyref="AREA_CODE"/>.</p>
  <p>After specifying the region, the SDK connects to the Agora servers within that region.</p></pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>logConfig</pt>
  <pd><p>The configuration of the log files<xref keyref="LogConfig"/>.</p>
  <p>By default, the SDK outputs five log files, `<codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph>`, `<codeph>agorasdk_1.log</codeph>`, `<codeph>agorasdk_2.log</codeph>`, `<codeph>agorasdk_3.log</codeph>`, `<codeph>agorasdk_4.log</codeph>`, each with a default size of 1024 KB.</p>
  <p>The log file has a default size of 512 KB. These log files are encoded in UTF-8. The SDK writes the latest logs in `<codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph>`. When <codeph>`agorasdk.log</codeph>` is full, the SDK deletes the log file with the earliest modification time among the other four, renames `<codeph>agorasdk.log`</codeph> to the name of the deleted log file, and create a new `<parmname>agorasdk.log</parmname>` to record latest<parmname> logs</parmname>.</p></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
