<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_remotevideostats">
    <title><ph keyref="RemoteVideoStats"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Statistics of the remote video stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/RemoteVideoStats"/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="uid"/></pt>
  <pd>User ID of the remote user sending the video streams.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>delay</pt>
  <pd>
      <dl outputclass="deprecated">
 <dlentry>
     <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
     <dd>In scenarios where audio and video is synchronized, you can use the value<xref keyref="RemoteAudioStats"/> of `<parmname>networkTransportDelay</parmname>` and `<parmname>jitterBufferDelay</parmname>` in `RemoteAudioStats` to know the delay statistics of the remote video.</dd>
 </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>Time delay (ms).</p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>width</pt>
  <pd>Width (pixels) of the video stream.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>height</pt>
  <pd>Height (pixels) of the video stream.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>receivedBitrate: Received bitrate (Kbps).</pt>
  <pd>Bitrate (Kbps) received since the last count.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>decoderOutputFrameRate</pt>
  <pd>The decoder output frame rate (fps) of the remote video.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>rendererOutputFrameRate</pt>
  <pd>The render output frame rate (fps) of the remote video.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>packetLossRate</pt>
  <pd>Packet loss rate (%) of the remote video stream after using the anti-packet-loss method.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>rxStreamType: Received stream type.</pt>
  <pd>The type of the remote video stream: #REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE See <xref keyref="REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>totalFrozenTime</pt>
  <pd>The total freeze time (ms) of the remote video stream after the remote user joins the channel. In a video session where the frame rate is set to no less than 5 fps, video freeze occurs when the time interval between two adjacent renderable video frames is more than 500 ms.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>frozenRate</pt>
  <pd>The total video freeze time as a percentage (%) of the total time when the video is available. When the remote user/host neither stops sending the video stream nor disables the video module after joining the channel, the video is available.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>totalActiveTime</pt>
  <pd>The total time (ms) when the remote user in the Communication profile or the remote broadcaster in the Live-broadcast profile neither stops sending the video stream nor disables the video module after joining the channel.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>publishDuration</pt>
  <pd>The total publish duration (ms) of the remote video stream.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
