<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_videoframe">
    <title><ph keyref="VideoFrame"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc"><apiname keyref="VideoFrame"/> Video frame configurations.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/VideoFrame"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>The video data format is YUV420. Note that the buffer provides a pointer to a pointer. The interface cannot modify the pointer of the buffer but can modify the content of the buffer.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>type</pt>
  <pd>The type of the video frame<xref keyref="VIDEO_FRAME_TYPE"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>width</pt>
  <pd>The width of the video in pixels.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>height</pt>
  <pd>The height of the video in pixels.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>yStride</pt>
  <pd>The line span of the Y buffer within the YUV data.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>uStride</pt>
  <pd>The line span of the U buffer within the YUV data.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>vStride</pt>
  <pd>The line span of the V buffer within the YUV data.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>yBuffer</pt>
  <pd>The pointer to the Y buffer pointer within the YUV data.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>uBuffer</pt>
  <pd>The pointer to the U buffer pointer within the YUV data.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>vBuffer</pt>
  <pd>The pointer to the V buffer pointer within the YUV data.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>rotation</pt>
  <pd>Sets the clockwise rotation of the video frame before rendering. Supported values include 0, 90, 180, and 270 degrees.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>renderTimeMs</pt>
  <pd>The timestamp (ms) of the external audio frame. It is mandatory. You can use it to restore the order of the captured audio frame, or synchronize audio and video frames in video-related scenarios (including scenarios where external video sources are used).</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>avsync_type</pt>
  <pd>A reserved parameter.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
