<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_datastreamconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="DataStreamConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The configurations for the data stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/DataStreamConfig"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>The following table shows the behavior of the SDK under different parameter settings:</p>
   <table id="table_uxz_bjk_t4b">
       <tgroup cols="3">
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.16*"/>
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1*"/>
  <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3" colwidth="3.07*"/>
  <tbody>
      <row>
 <entry><codeph>syncWithAudio</codeph></entry>
 <entry><codeph>ordered</codeph></entry>
 <entry>SDK behavior</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
 <entry><ph keyref="false"/></entry>
 <entry><ph keyref="false"/></entry>
 <entry>The SDK triggers the `onStreamMessage` callback immediately after the receiver receives a data<xref keyref="onStreamMessage"/> packet</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
 <entry><ph keyref="true"/></entry>
 <entry><ph keyref="false"/></entry>
 <entry>If the data packet delay is within the audio delay, the SDK triggers the `onStreamMessage` callback when the synchronized audio packet is<ph keyref="onStreamMessage"/> played out. If the data packet delay exceeds the audio delay, the SDK triggers the `onStreamMessage`<ph keyref="onStreamMessage"/> callback as soon as the data packet is received.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
 <entry><ph keyref="false"/></entry>
 <entry><ph keyref="true"/></entry>
 <entry>In this case, the data packet is not synchronized with the audio packet. If the delay of a data packet is within five seconds, the SDK corrects the order of the data packet.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
 <entry><ph keyref="true"/></entry>
 <entry><ph keyref="true"/></entry>
 <entry>If the delay of a data packet exceeds five seconds, the SDK discards the data packet. If the delay of a data packet exceeds the audio delay, the SDK discards this data packet.</entry>
      </row>
  </tbody>
       </tgroup>
   </table>
   <?oxy-placeholder content="Details of this class."?>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>syncWithAudio</pt>
  <pd>
                        <p>Whether to synchronize the data packet with the published audio packet.<ul>
                                <li><ph keyref="true"/>true: Synchronize the data packet with the audio packet.</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="false"/>false: Do not synchronize the data packet with the audio packet.</li>
                            </ul>When you set the data packet to synchronize with the audio, then if the data packet delay is within the audio delay, the SDK triggers the `onStreamMessage` callback when the synchronized audio packet is<xref
                                keyref="onStreamMessage"/> played out. Do not set this parameter as `true` if you need the receiver to receive the data packet immediately<ph
                                keyref="true"/>. Agora recommends that you set this parameter to `true` only when you need to implement specific functions, for example lyric synchronization.</p>
                    </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>ordered</pt>
  <pd>
                        <p>Whether the SDK guarantees that the receiver receives the data in the sent order.<ul>
                                <li><ph keyref="true"/>true: Guarantee that the receiver receives the data in the sent order.</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="false"/>false: Do not guarantee that the receiver receives the data in the sent order.</li>
                            </ul>Do not set this parameter as `true` if you need the receiver to receive the data packet immediately<ph keyref="true"/>.</p>
                    </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
