<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_livetranscoding">
    <title><ph keyref="LiveTranscoding"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">This class manages the configurations of pushing streams to the CDN. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">This class manages the configurations of pushing streams to the CDN.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/LiveTranscoding"/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref = "../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
   <plentry>
   <pt>width width</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The width of the video in pixels. The default value is 360. The width of the video in pixels. The default value is 360.</p>
                        <ul>
                            <li>When pushing video streams to the CDN, ensure that <codeph>width</codeph> is at least 64; otherwise, the Agora server adjusts the value to 64. When pushing video streams to the CDN, ensure that <codeph>width</codeph> is at least 64; otherwise, the Agora server adjusts the value to 64.</li>
                            <li>When pushing audio streams to the CDN, set <codeph>width</codeph> and <codeph>height</codeph> as 0. When pushing audio streams to the CDN, set <codeph>width</codeph> and <codeph>height</codeph> as 0.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>height height</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>The height of the video in pixels. The default value is 640. The height of the video in pixels. The default value is 640.</p>
      <ul>
 <li>When pushing video streams to the CDN, ensure that <codeph>height</codeph> is at least 64; otherwise, the Agora server adjusts the value to 64. When pushing video streams to the CDN, ensure that <codeph>height</codeph> is at least 64; otherwise, the Agora server adjusts the value to 64.</li>
 <li>When pushing audio streams to the CDN, set <codeph>width</codeph> and <codeph>height</codeph> as 0. When pushing audio streams to the CDN, set <codeph>width</codeph> and <codeph>height</codeph> as 0.</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>videoBitrate videoBitrate</pt>
  <pd>Bitrate of the CDN live output video stream. Bitrate of the CDN live output video stream. The minimum encoding bitrate (Kbps). The minimum encoding bitrate (Kbps). The default value is 400 Kbps. The default value is 400 Kbps. Set this parameter according to the Video Bitrate Table. If you set a bitrate beyond the proper range, the SDK automatically adapts it to a value within the range. Set this parameter according to the Video Bitrate Table. If you set a bitrate beyond the proper range, the SDK automatically adapts it to a value within the range.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>videoFrameRate videoFrameRate</pt>
  <pd>The video frame rate (fps) of the CDN live stream. The video frame rate (fps) of the CDN live stream. The value range is (0,30], and the default value is 15. The value range is (0,30], and the default value is 15.<note type="attention">The Agora server adjusts any value over 30 to 30. The Agora server adjusts any value over 30 to 30.</note></pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>lowLatency lowLatency</pt>
  <pd>
      <dl outputclass="deprecated">
 <dlentry>
     <dt>Deprecated Deprecated</dt>
     <dd>This attribute is obsolete since v2.8.0, and Agora does not recommend it. This attribute is obsolete since v2.8.0, and Agora does not recommend it.</dd>
 </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <ul>
 <li>true: Low latency with unassured quality. true: Low latency with unassured quality.</li>
 <li>false: (Default) High latency with assured quality. false: (Default) High latency with assured quality.</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>videoGop videoGop</pt>
  <pd>The GOP (in frames) of the output video stream. The GOP (in frames) of the output video stream. 单位为帧。 单位为帧。 The default value is 30. The default value is 30.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
       <pt>videoCodecProfile videoCodecProfile</pt>
       <pd>
  <p>The encoding specifications of the output video stream. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE"/>. The encoding specifications of the output audio stream. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE"/>.</p>
  <note type="attention">If you set this parameter to other values, Agora adjusts it to the default value 100. If you set this parameter to other values, Agora adjusts it to the default value 100.</note>
       </pd>
   </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>backgroundColor backgroundColor</pt>
  <pd>The background color of the output video in RGB hex value. Do not include # in the value. For example, use <codeph>0xFFB6C1</codeph> for light pink. The background color of the output video in RGB hex value. Do not include # in the value. For example, use <codeph>0xFFB6C1</codeph> for light pink. The default value is <codeph>0x000000</codeph>(black). The default value is <codeph>0x000000</codeph>(black).</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>userCount userCount</pt>
  <pd>The number of users involved in transcoding. The number of users involved in transcoding.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>transcodingUsers transcodingUsers</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>The transcoding configuration for each user (the maximum is 17 users). See . The transcoding configuration for each user (the maximum is 17 users). See . See <xref keyref="TranscodingUser"/>. See <xref keyref="TranscodingUser"/>.</p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>transcodingExtraInfo transcodingExtraInfo</pt>
  <pd>Reserved parameter: User-defined information to be sent to the CDN client receiving the pushed stream. Reserved parameter: User-defined information to be sent to the CDN client receiving the pushed stream. This information is used to fill in the SEI frame of H.264/H.265 videos. This information is used to fill in the SEI frame of H.264/H.265 videos. The maximum length is 4096 bytes. The maximum length is 4096 bytes. For detailed information about SEI, see SEI frame related issues<xref keyref="faq-sei" scope="external" format="html"/>. For detailed information about SEI, see SEI frame related issues<xref keyref="faq-sei" scope="external" format="html"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>metadata metadata</pt>
  <pd>
      <dl>
 <dlentry>
     <dt>Deprecated: Deprecated:</dt>
     <dd>This attribute is deprecated. This attribute is deprecated.</dd>
 </dlentry>
      </dl>The metadata sent to the CDN client. The metadata sent to the CDN client.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>watermark watermark</pt>
  <pd>The watermark image added to the output video. Only the PNG format is supported. The watermark image added to the output video. Only the PNG format is supported. After adding a watermark image, all of the CDN audience can see the image. After adding a watermark image, all of the CDN audience can see the image. For details, see <xref keyref="RtcImage"/>. For details, see <xref keyref="RtcImage"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>backgroundImage backgroundImage</pt>
  <pd>The background image added to the output video. The background image added to the output video. After adding a background image, all of the CDN audience can see the image. After adding a background image, all of the CDN audience can see the image. For details, see <xref keyref="RtcImage"/>. For details, see <xref keyref="RtcImage"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>audioSampleRate audioSampleRate</pt>
  <pd>The audio sampling rate (Hz) of the output stream. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE"/>. The audio sampling rate (Hz) of the output stream. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>audioBitrate audioBitrate</pt>
  <pd>The bitrate (Kbps) of the output video stream. The bitrate (Kbps) of the output video stream. A positive integer. The default value is 48, and the highest value is 128. A positive integer. The default value is 48, and the highest value is 128.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>audioChannels audioChannels</pt>
  <pd>The number of audio channels for the CDN live stream. The number of audio channels for the CDN live stream. Agora recommends choosing 1 (mono), or 2 (stereo) audio channels. Special players are required if you choose option 3, 4, or Agora recommends choosing 1 (mono), or 2 (stereo) audio channels. Special players are required if you choose option 3, 4, or<ul>
      <li>1: (Default) Mono 1: (Default) Mono</li>
      <li>2: Stereo. 2: Stereo.</li>
      <li>3: Three audio channels 3: Three audio channels</li>
      <li>4: Four audio channels 4: Four audio channels</li>
      <li>5: Five audio channels 5: Five audio channels</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>audioCodecProfile audioCodecProfile</pt>
  <pd>The encoding specifications of the output video stream. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE"/>. The encoding specifications of the output audio stream. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
