<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_remoteaudiostats">
    <title><ph keyref="RemoteAudioStats"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Audio statistics of the remote user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/RemoteAudioStats"/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="uid"/></pt>
  <pd>The User ID of the remote user.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>quality</pt>
  <pd>The quality of the audio stream sent by the user. See <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>networkTransportDelay</pt>
  <pd>The network delay (ms) from the audio sender to the receiver.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>jitterBufferDelay</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>The network delay (ms) from the audio receiver to the network jitter buffer.<note type="attention">This parameter does not take effect if the receiver is an audience member and <xref
keyref="AUDIENCE_LATENCY_LEVEL_TYPE"/> is 1.</note></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>audioLossRate</pt>
  <pd>The frame loss rate (%) of the remote audio stream in the reported interval.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>numChannels</pt>
  <pd>The number of audio channels.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>receivedSampleRate</pt>
  <pd>The sampling rate (Hz) of the audio stream received from the remote user in the reported interval.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>receivedBitrate</pt>
  <pd>The average bitrate (Kbps) of the audio stream received from the remote user in the reported interval.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>totalFrozenTime</pt>
  <pd>The total freeze time (ms) of the remote audio stream after the remote user joins the channel. In a session, audio freeze occurs when the audio frame loss rate reaches 4%.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>frozenRate</pt>
  <pd>The total audio freeze time as a percentage (%) of the total time when the audio is available. The audio is available means that the remote user neither stops sending the audio stream nor disables the audio module after joining the channel.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>totalActiveTime</pt>
  <pd>The total time (ms) when the audio is available, i.e., when the remote user in the COMMUNICATION profile or the remote host in the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile neither stops sending the audio stream nor disables the audio module after joining the channel.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>publishDuration</pt>
  <pd>The total publish duration (ms) of the remote audio stream.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>qoeQuality</pt>
  <pd>
      <dl outputclass="since">
 <dlentry>
     <dt>Since</dt>
     <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
 </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>Quality of experience (QoE) of the local user when receiving a remote audio stream<xref keyref="EXPERIENCE_QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>qualityChangedReason</pt>
  <pd>
      <dl outputclass="since">
 <dlentry>
     <dt>Since</dt>
     <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
 </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>The reason for poor QoE of the local user when receiving a remote audio stream<xref keyref="EXPERIENCE_POOR_REASON"/>.</p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
           <pt>mosValue</pt>
           <pd>
               <dl outputclass="since">
                   <dlentry>
                       <dt>Since</dt>
                       <dd>v3.3.1</dd>
                   </dlentry>
               </dl>
               <p>During the statistical period, the Agora real-time audio MOS (average subjective opinion score) evaluation method scores the quality of the received remote audio stream. The return value range is [0,500]. The return value is divided by 100 to get the MOS score, in the range of [0,5] points. The higher the score, the better the audio quality.</p>
               
               <p>The subjective sound quality experience corresponding to the Agora real-time audio MOS score is as follows:<simpletable frame="all"
                                id="simpletable_qzy_hdp_v4b">
                                <sthead>
                                    <stentry>MOS score</stentry>
                                    <stentry>Sound quality experience</stentry>
                                </sthead>
                                <strow>
                                    <stentry>More than 4 points</stentry>
                                    <stentry>The audio quality is good, clear and smooth.</stentry>
                                </strow>
                                <strow>
                                    <stentry>3.5-4 points</stentry>
                                    <stentry>The audio quality is good, with occasional sound quality impairments, but still clear.</stentry>
                                </strow>
                                <strow>
                                    <stentry>3-3.5 points</stentry>
                                    <stentry>The audio quality is average, with occasional stuttering, not very smooth, and requires a little attention to hear clearly.</stentry>
                                </strow>
                                <strow>
                                    <stentry>2.5-3 points</stentry>
                                    <stentry>The audio quality is poor, and it freezes frequently. It requires concentration to hear clearly.</stentry>
                                </strow>
                                <strow>
                                    <stentry>2-2.5 points</stentry>
                                    <stentry>The audio quality is very poor, there are occasional noises, part of the semantics is lost, and it is difficult to communicate.</stentry>
                                </strow>
                                <strow>
                                    <stentry>Fewer than 4</stentry>
                                    <stentry>The audio quality is very poor, there is noisy audio, a lot of semantics is lost, and communication is completely impossible.</stentry>
                                </strow>
                            </simpletable></p>
           </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
