<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_logconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="LogConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The configuration of the SDK log files.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/LogConfig"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="since">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Since</dt>
  <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>filePath</pt>
  <pd><p>The absolute path of the log files.</p>
  <p>The default paths for different platforms are as follows:<ul>
      <li>Android: <codeph>/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;package name>/files/agorasdk.log</codeph></li>
      <li>iOS: <codeph>App Sandbox/Library/caches/agorasdk.log</codeph></li>
      <li>macOS:<ul>
 <li>If Sandbox is enabled: <codeph>App Sandbox/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</codeph>, for example, <codeph>/Users/&lt;username>/Library/Containers/&lt;App Bundle Identifier>/Data/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</codeph>.</li>
 <li>If Sandbox is disabled: <codeph>~/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</codeph></li>
      </ul></li>
      <li>Windows: <codeph>C:\Users\&lt;user_name>\AppData\Local\Agora\&lt;process_name>\agorasdk.log</codeph>。</li>
  </ul></p>
  <p>Ensure that the directory for the log files exists and is writable. You can use this parameter to rename the log files.</p></pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>fileSize</pt>
  <pd>The size (KB) of a log file. The default value is 2014 KB. If you set <parmname>fileSize</parmname> to 1024 KB, the maximum aggregate size of the log files output by the SDK is 5 MB. If you set <parmname>fileSize</parmname> to less than 1024 KB, the setting is invalid, and the maximum size of a log file is still 1024 KB.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>level</pt>
  <pd>The output level of the SDK log file. See <xref keyref="LOG_LEVEL"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
