<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_injectstreamconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="InjectStreamConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc"><apiname keyref="InjectStreamConfig"/> definition.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/InjectStreamConfig"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <note outputclass="warning">The client&apos;s online media streaming function will soon be discontinued. If you have not integrated this function, Agora recommends that you do not use it. For details, see <xref href="https://docs.agora.io/cn/Interactive%20Broadcast/rtc_sunset?platform=Windows" scope="external" format="html">part of the service removal plan</xref>.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>WIDTH: Width of the video.</pt>
                    <pd>Width of the injected stream in the interactive live streaming. The default value is 0 (same width as the original stream).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>HEIGHT: Height of the video.</pt>
                    <pd>Height of the injected stream in the interactive live streaming. The default value is 0 (same height as the original stream).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>videoGop</pt>
                    <pd>Video GOP (in frames) of the injected stream in the interactive live streaming. The unit is frame. The default value is 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>videoFramerate</pt>
                    <pd>Video frame rate of the injected stream in the interactive live streaming. The default rate is 15 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>videoBitrate</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>Video bitrate of the injected stream in the interactive live streaming. The default value is 400 Kbps.</p>
                        <note outputclass="note">@note The setting of the video bitrate is closely linked to the resolution. If the video bitrate you set is beyond a reasonable range, the SDK sets it within a reasonable range.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>audioSampleRate</pt>
                    <pd><p>Audio-sample rate of the injected stream in the interactive live streaming: #AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE. The default value is 48000 Hz. Relevant links<xref keyref="AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE"/>:</p>
                        <note outputclass="note">@note We recommend setting the default value.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>audioBitrate</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>Audio bitrate of the injected stream in the interactive live streaming. The default value is 48.</p>
                        <note outputclass="note">@note We recommend setting the default value.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>audioChannels: Number type field.</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>Audio channels in the interactive live streaming.<ul>
                                <li>1: Mono (default)</li>
                                <li>- 2: Stereo</li>
                            </ul>
                        </p>
                        <note outputclass="note">@note We recommend setting the default value.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
