<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_localvideostats">
    <title><ph keyref="LocalVideoStats"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Local video stream statistics.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/LocalVideoStats"/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>sentBitrate</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>The actual bitrate (Kbps) while sending the local video stream.<note outputclass="note">This value does not include the bitrate while resending the video after packet loss.</note></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>sentFrameRate</pt>
  <pd>The actual frame rate (Kbps) while sending the local video stream.<note outputclass="note">This value does not include the frame rate while resending the video after packet loss.</note></pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>encoderOutputFrameRate</pt>
  <pd>The output frame rate (fps) of the local video encoder.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>rendererOutputFrameRate</pt>
  <pd>The output frame rate (fps) of the local video renderer.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>targetBitrate</pt>
  <pd>The target bitrate (Kbps) of the current encoder. This is an estimate made by the SDK based on the current network conditions.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>targetFrameRate</pt>
  <pd>The target frame rate (fps) of the current encoder.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>qualityAdaptIndication</pt>
  <pd>Quality adaption of the local video stream in the reported interval (in terms of the target frame rate and target bitrate). See <xref keyref="QUALITY_ADAPT_INDICATION"
      />.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>encodedBitrate</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>The bitrate (Kbps) while encoding the local video stream.<note outputclass="note">This value does not include the bitrate while resending the video after packet loss.</note></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>encodedFrameWidth</pt>
  <pd>The width of the encoded video (px).</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>encodedFrameHeight</pt>
  <pd>The height of the encoded video (px).</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>encodedFrameCount</pt>
  <pd>The number of sent video frames, represented by an aggregate value.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>CodecType: Encoding type of the sent audio.</pt>
  <pd>The codec type of the local video stream. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_CODEC_TYPE"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>txPacketLossRate</pt>
  <pd>The video packet loss rate (%) from the local client to the Agora edge server before applying the anti-packet loss strategies.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>captureFrameRate</pt>
  <pd>The capture frame rate (fps) of the local video stream.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>captureBrightnessLevel</pt>
  <pd>
      <dl outputclass="since">
 <dlentry>
     <dt>Since</dt>
     <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
 </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>The brightness level of the image captured by the local camera. See <xref keyref="CAPTURE_BRIGHTNESS_LEVEL_TYPE"/>.</p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
