<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_audiovolumeinfo">
    <title><ph keyref="AudioVolumeInfo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The volume information of users. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">The volume information of users.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
   <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/AudioVolumeInfo"/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>uid uid</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>User ID User ID<ul>
     <li>In the local user&apos;s callback, <parmname>uid</parmname> = 0. In the local user&apos;s callback, <parmname>uid</parmname> = 0.</li>
     <li>In the remote users&apos; callback, <parmname>uid</parmname> is the<parmname> ID</parmname> of a remote user whose instantaneous volume is one of the three highest. In the remote users&apos; callback, <parmname>uid</parmname> is the ID of a remote user whose instantaneous volume is one of the three highest.</li>
 </ul>
      </p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>volume volume</pt>
  <pd>The volume of the user. The value ranges between 0 (lowest volume) and 255 (highest volume). The volume of the user. The value ranges between 0 (lowest volume) and 255 (highest volume). If the user calls<xref keyref="startAudioMixing"/> , then <parmname>volume</parmname> is the<parmname> volume</parmname> after audio mixing. If the user calls <xref keyref="startAudioMixing"/>, then <parmname>volume</parmname> is the volume after audio mixing.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>vad vad</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>Voice activity status of the local user. Voice activity status of the local user.<ul>
     <li>0: The local user is not speaking. 0: The local user is not speaking.</li>
     <li>1: The local user is speaking. 1: The local user is speaking.</li>
 </ul>
      </p>
      <note type="attention">
 <ul>
     <li>The<parmname> vad</parmname> parameter cannot report the voice activity status of remote users. The <parmname>vad</parmname> parameter cannot report the voice activity status of remote users. In the remote users&apos; callback, the value of<parmname> vad</parmname> is always 0. In the remote users&apos; callback, the value of <parmname>vad</parmname> is always 0.</li>
     <li>To use this parameter, you must<xref keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication"/> set <parmname>report_vad</parmname> to<ph keyref="true"/> when calling . To use this parameter, you must set <parmname>report_vad</parmname> to <ph keyref="true"/> when calling <xref keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication"/>.</li>
 </ul>
      </note>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>channelId channelId</pt>
  <pd>The name of the channel where the user is in. The name of the channel where the user is in.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
