<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_localvideostreamerror">
    <title><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Local video state error codes</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title>Enumerator</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_OK"/></pt>
  <pd>The local video is normal.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_FAILURE"/></pt>
  <pd>No specified reason for the local video failure.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_DEVICE_NO_PERMISSION"/></pt>
  <pd>No permission to use the local video capturing device.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_DEVICE_BUSY"/></pt>
  <pd>The local video capturing device is in use.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_CAPTURE_FAILURE"/></pt>
  <pd>The local video capture fails. Check whether the capturing device is working properly.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_ENCODE_FAILURE"/></pt>
  <pd>The local video encoding fails.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_MINIMIZED"/></pt>
  <pd>11: When calling the<xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/> method to share the window, the shared window is in a minimized state.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_CLOSED"/></pt>
  <pd>
      <p>12: The error code indicates that a window shared by the window ID has been closed, or a full-screen window shared by the window ID has exited full-screen mode. After exiting full-screen mode, remote users cannot see the shared window. To prevent remote users from seeing a black screen, Agora recommends that you immediately stop screen sharing.</p>
      <p>Common scenarios for reporting this error code:<ul>
 <li>When the local user closes the shared window, the SDK reports this error code.</li>
     <li>The local user shows some slides in full-screen mode first, and then shares the windows of the slides. After the user exits full-screen mode, the SDK reports this error code.</li>
     <li>The local user watches web video or reads web document in full-screen mode first, and then shares the window of the web video or document. After the user exits full-screen mode, the SDK reports this error code.</li>
      </ul></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
