<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_connectionstatetype">
    <title><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Connection states.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title>Enumerator</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_DISCONNECTED"/></pt>
  <pd><p>1: The SDK is disconnected from the Agora edge server. The state indicates the SDK is in one of the following phases:<ul>
      <li>The initial state before calling the <apiname keyref="joinChannel1"/> method.</li>
      <li>The app calls the <xref keyref="leaveChannel"/> method.</li>
  </ul></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTING"/></pt>
  <pd><p>2: The SDK is connecting to the Agora edge server. This state indicates that the SDK is establishing a connection with the specified channel after the app calls .<apiname keyref="joinChannel1"/><ul>
      <li>If you successfully join the channel, the app will receive a <xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/> callback that indicates the current network state has changed to <ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTED"/>. When the SDK successfully joins the channel, it triggers the onConnectionStateChanged callback and switches to the CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTED state.</li>
      <li>After the connection is established, the SDK will also initialize the media and call back when everything is ready<xref keyref="onJoinChannelSuccess"/>.</li>
  </ul></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTED"/></pt>
  <pd>3: The SDK is connected to Agora&apos;s edge server and has joined a channel. You can now publish or subscribe to a media stream in the channel. If the connection to the channel is lost because, for example, if the network is down or switched, the SDK automatically tries to reconnect and triggers<xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_RECONNECTING"/>:</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_RECONNECTING"/></pt>
  <pd><p>4: The SDK keeps rejoining the channel after being disconnected from a joined channel because of network issues.<ul>
      <li>If the SDK cannot rejoin the channel within 10 seconds,<xref keyref="onConnectionLost"/> it will be triggered, and the SDK will remain in<ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_RECONNECTING"/> the state and try to rejoin the channel.</li>
      <li>If the SDK fails to rejoin the channel 20 minutes after being disconnected from<xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/> Agora&apos;s edge server<ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_FAILED"/>, the SDK stops rejoining the channel.</li>
  </ul></p></pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_FAILED"/></pt>
  <pd><p>5: The SDK fails to connect to Agora&apos;s edge server or join the channel. This status indicates that the SDK has no longer tried to rejoin the channel and needs to call to<xref keyref="leaveChannel"/> leave the channel.<ul>
      <li>If the user wants to rejoin the channel, he needs to call again<apiname keyref="joinChannel1"/>.</li>
      <li>If the SDK forbids joining the channel because the server uses the RESTful API, the app will receive<xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/>.</li>
  </ul></p></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
