<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_rteremoteaudiostats">
    <title>RteRemoteAudioStats</title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc"><?oxy-placeholder content="Provide a short description for this class."?></ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">/**
 * Statistics of the remote audio stream.
 */
struct RteRemoteAudioStats {
  /**
   * The quality of the remote audio: #QUALITY_TYPE.
   */
  int quality;
  /**
   * The network delay (ms) from the sender to the receiver.
   */
  int networkTransportDelay;
  /**
   * The network delay (ms) from the receiver to the jitter buffer.
   */
  int jitterBufferDelay;
  /**
   * The audio frame loss rate in the reported interval.
   */
  int audioLossRate;
  /**
   * The number of channels.
   */
  int numChannels;
  /**
   * The sample rate (Hz) of the remote audio stream in the reported interval.
   */
  int receivedSampleRate;
  /**
   * The average bitrate (Kbps) of the remote audio stream in the reported
   * interval.
   */
  int receivedBitrate;
  /**
   * The total freeze time (ms) of the remote audio stream after the remote
   * user joins the channel.
   *
   * In a session, audio freeze occurs when the audio frame loss rate reaches 4%.
   */
  int totalFrozenTime;
  /**
   * The total audio freeze time as a percentage (%) of the total time when the
   * audio is available.
   */
  int frozenRate;
  /**
   * The quality of the remote audio stream as determined by the Agora
   * real-time audio MOS (Mean Opinion Score) measurement method in the
   * reported interval. The return value ranges from 0 to 500. Dividing the
   * return value by 100 gets the MOS score, which ranges from 0 to 5. The
   * higher the score, the better the audio quality.
   *
   * | MOS score       | Perception of audio quality                                                                                                                                 |
   * |-----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
   * | Greater than 4  | Excellent. The audio sounds clear and smooth.                                                                                                               |
   * | From 3.5 to 4   | Good. The audio has some perceptible impairment, but still sounds clear.                                                                                    |
   * | From 3 to 3.5   | Fair. The audio freezes occasionally and requires attentive listening.                                                                                      |
   * | From 2.5 to 3   | Poor. The audio sounds choppy and requires considerable effort to understand.                                                                               |
   * | From 2 to 2.5   | Bad. The audio has occasional noise. Consecutive audio dropouts occur, resulting in some information loss. The users can communicate only with difficulty.  |
   * | Less than 2     | Very bad. The audio has persistent noise. Consecutive audio dropouts are frequent, resulting in severe information loss. Communication is nearly impossible. |
   */
  int mosValue;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"></codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>v</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><?oxy-placeholder content="The name of the attribute or property."?></pt>
                    <pd><?oxy-placeholder content="The description of the attribute or property."?></pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
