<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_externalvideoframe">
    <title>ExternalVideoFrame</title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc"><?oxy-placeholder content="Provide a short description for this class."?></ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ExternalVideoFrame {
  ExternalVideoFrame()
      : type(VIDEO_BUFFER_RAW_DATA),
        format(VIDEO_PIXEL_UNKNOWN),
        buffer(NULL),
        stride(0),
        height(0),
        cropLeft(0),
        cropTop(0),
        cropRight(0),
        cropBottom(0),
        rotation(0),
        timestamp(0),
        eglContext(NULL),
        eglType(EGL_CONTEXT10),
        textureId(0),
        metadata_buffer(NULL),
        metadata_size(0){}

   /**
   * The EGL context type.
   */
  enum EGL_CONTEXT_TYPE {
    /**
     * 0: When using the OpenGL interface (javax.microedition.khronos.egl.*) defined by Khronos
     */
    EGL_CONTEXT10 = 0,
    /**
     * 0: When using the OpenGL interface (android.opengl.*) defined by Android
     */
    EGL_CONTEXT14 = 1,
  };

  /**
   * Video buffer types.
   */
  enum VIDEO_BUFFER_TYPE {
    /**
     * 1: Raw data.
     */
    VIDEO_BUFFER_RAW_DATA = 1,
    /**
     * 2: The same as VIDEO_BUFFER_RAW_DATA.
     */
    VIDEO_BUFFER_ARRAY = 2,
    /**
     * 3: The video buffer in the format of texture.
     */
    VIDEO_BUFFER_TEXTURE = 3,
  };

  /**
   * The buffer type: #VIDEO_BUFFER_TYPE.
   */
  VIDEO_BUFFER_TYPE type;
  /**
   * The pixel format: #VIDEO_PIXEL_FORMAT
   */
  VIDEO_PIXEL_FORMAT format;
  /**
   * The video buffer.
   */
  void* buffer;
  /**
   * The line spacing of the incoming video frame (px). For
   * texture, it is the width of the texture.
   */
  int stride;
  /**
   * The height of the incoming video frame.
   */
  int height;
  /**
   * [Raw data related parameter] The number of pixels trimmed from the left. The default value is
   * 0.
   */
  int cropLeft;
  /**
   * [Raw data related parameter] The number of pixels trimmed from the top. The default value is
   * 0.
   */
  int cropTop;
  /**
   * [Raw data related parameter] The number of pixels trimmed from the right. The default value is
   * 0.
   */
  int cropRight;
  /**
   * [Raw data related parameter] The number of pixels trimmed from the bottom. The default value
   * is 0.
   */
  int cropBottom;
  /**
   * [Raw data related parameter] The clockwise rotation information of the video frame. You can set the
   * rotation angle as 0, 90, 180, or 270. The default value is 0.
   */
  int rotation;
  /**
   * The timestamp (ms) of the incoming video frame. An incorrect timestamp results in a frame loss or
   * unsynchronized audio and video.
   */
  long long timestamp;
  /** 
   * [Texture-related parameter]
   * When using the OpenGL interface (javax.microedition.khronos.egl.*) defined by Khronos, set EGLContext to this field.
   * When using the OpenGL interface (android.opengl.*) defined by Android, set EGLContext to this field.
   */
  void *eglContext;
  /** 
   * [Texture related parameter] Texture ID used by the video frame.
   */
  EGL_CONTEXT_TYPE eglType;
  /** 
   * [Texture related parameter] Incoming 4 &amp;times; 4 transformational matrix. The typical value is a unit matrix.
   */
  int textureId;
  /**
   * [Texture related parameter] The MetaData buffer.
   *  The default value is NULL
   */
  uint8_t* metadata_buffer;
  /**
   * [Texture related parameter] The MetaData size.
   *  The default value is 0
   */
  int metadata_size;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"></codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>v</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><?oxy-placeholder content="The name of the attribute or property."?></pt>
                    <pd><?oxy-placeholder content="The description of the attribute or property."?></pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
