<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_imusiccontentcenter_getsongsimpleinfo">
    <title><ph keyref="getSongSimpleInfo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Retrieves detailed information of the specified music resource.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Retrieves detailed information about a specific music resource.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="getSongSimpleInfo"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int getSongSimpleInfo(agora::util::AString&amp; requestId, int64_t songCode) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract String getSongSimpleInfo(long songCode);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">Before calling this method, you need to obtain the song code of the target music resource. You can do this by calling <xref keyref="getMusicCollectionByMusicChartId"/> or <xref keyref="searchMusic"/>, and retrieve the song code from the <xref keyref="onMusicCollectionResult"/> callback triggered by these methods. After calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onSongSimpleInfoResult"/> callback to return the detailed information of the music resource.</p>
            <p props="android">Before calling this method, you need to obtain the identifier of the target music resource. You can get the music resource by calling <codeph>getMusicCollectionByMusicChartId</codeph> or <codeph>searchMusic</codeph>, and obtain the identifier (<codeph>songCode</codeph>) from the triggered <xref keyref="onMusicCollectionResult"/> callback.</p>
            <note props="android">After this method is successfully called, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onSongSimpleInfoResult"/> callback to report the detailed information of the music resource.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After this method is successfully called, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onSongSimpleInfoResult"/> callback to return the detailed information of the music resource.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>requestId</pt>
                    <pd>Request ID, used to uniquely identify the request.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>songCode</pt>
                    <pd>The song code of the music resource, used to identify the music.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>songCode</pt>
                    <pd>The identifier of the music resource to query.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>If the method call succeeds, returns the <codeph>requestId</codeph> that uniquely identifies the request.</li>
                    <li>If the method call fails, returns an empty string.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>