<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enablevirtualbackground2">
    <title><ph keyref="enableVirtualBackground2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Enables virtual background and specifies the media source, or disables the virtual background.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableVirtualBackground2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableVirtualBackground(boolean enabled, VirtualBackgroundSource backgroundSource, SegmentationProperty segproperty, Constants.MediaSourceType sourceType);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="android">This method enables or disables the virtual background feature. You can replace the original background with a static image, dynamic video, blurred background, or portrait segmentation to achieve a picture-in-picture effect. Once enabled, all users in the channel can see the customized background.

This method provides the same functionality as <xref keyref="enableVirtualBackground"/>, but allows you to specify the media source type for applying the virtual background. Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/> or <codeph>startPreview</codeph>.</p>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>Using video as a virtual background may cause continuous memory growth, potentially leading to application crashes. It is recommended to reduce the resolution and frame rate of the video.</li>
                    <li>This feature requires high device performance. When calling this method, the SDK automatically checks the device's capability. Agora recommends using this feature on the following processors:
                        <ul>
                            <li>Snapdragon 700 series 750G and above.</li>
                            <li>Snapdragon 800 series 835 and above.</li>
                            <li>Dimensity 700 series 720 and above.</li>
                            <li>Kirin 800 series 810 and above.</li>
                            <li>Kirin 900 series 980 and above.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li>Agora recommends using this feature in the following scenarios:
                        <ul>
                            <li>Using a high-definition camera device with even lighting.</li>
                            <li>Few objects in the frame, with a half-body portrait unobstructed.</li>
                            <li>A solid color background that contrasts with the user’s clothing.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li>This method depends on the virtual background dynamic library <xref keyref="segmentation"/>. If the library is deleted, the feature cannot be enabled properly.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable the virtual background:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable the virtual background.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Disable the virtual background.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>backgroundSource</pt>
                    <pd>The custom background. The SDK scales and crops the custom background image to fit the captured video resolution and ensures the image content is not distorted. See <xref keyref="VirtualBackgroundSource"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>segproperty</pt>
                    <pd>The processing properties of the background image. See <xref keyref="SegmentationProperty"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>sourceType</pt>
                    <pd>The media source type to apply the filter effect. See <xref keyref="MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.
                        <note>In this method, the parameter only supports the following two values:
                            <ul>
                                <li>Default is <codeph>PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE</codeph>.</li>
                                <li>If using a custom video source, set this parameter to <codeph>CUSTOM_VIDEO_SOURCE</codeph>.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-4: The device does not meet the requirements for the virtual background feature. Agora recommends using this feature on higher-performance devices.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>