<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enablemulticamera">
    <title><ph keyref="enableMultiCamera"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Enables or disables multi-camera capture.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableMultiCamera"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableMultiCamera(bool enabled, const CameraCapturerConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">Agora recommends the following steps to use multiple cameras for video capture and publishing when a camera is already in use:
                <ol>
                    <li>Call this method to enable multi-camera capture.</li>
                    <li>Call <codeph>startPreview</codeph> to start the local video preview.</li>
                    <li>Call <xref keyref="startCameraCapture"/> and set <codeph>sourceType</codeph> to start capturing with the second camera.</li>
                    <li>Call <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/> and set <codeph>publishSecondaryCameraTrack</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/> to publish the video stream captured by the second camera.</li>
                </ol><ph>To disable multi-camera capture:</ph>
                <ol>
                    <li>Call <xref keyref="stopCameraCapture"/>.</li>
                    <li>Call this method and set <codeph>enabled</codeph> to <xref keyref="false"/>.</li>
                </ol><ph>This method is only available on iOS.</ph><ph>Ensure the system version is 13.0 or later when using this feature.</ph><ph>The minimum supported iOS device models for multi-camera capture are:</ph>
                <ul>
                    <li>iPhone XR</li>
                    <li>iPhone XS</li>
                    <li>iPhone XS Max</li>
                    <li>iPad Pro (3rd generation and later)</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <note props="cpp">You can call this method to enable multi-camera capture either before or after calling <codeph>startPreview</codeph>:
                <ul>
                    <li>If enabled before <codeph>startPreview</codeph>, the local preview displays the views from both cameras.</li>
                    <li>If enabled after <codeph>startPreview</codeph>, the SDK stops the current camera capture, then enables both the main and secondary cameras. The preview briefly turns black and then recovers automatically.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable multi-camera video capture mode:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable multi-camera capture. The SDK uses multiple cameras for video capture.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Disable multi-camera capture. The SDK uses a single camera for video capture.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>Capture configuration for the second camera. See <xref keyref="CameraCapturerConfiguration"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>