<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ilocalspatialaudioengine_setremoteaudioattenuation">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteAudioAttenuation"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Sets the audio attenuation effect for a specified user.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the audio attenuation effect for a specified user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRemoteAudioAttenuation"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setRemoteAudioAttenuation(uid_t uid, double attenuation, bool forceSet) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRemoteAudioAttenuation(int uid, double attenuation, boolean forceSet);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title"/>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID. This parameter must be the same as the user ID passed in when the user joined the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>attenuation</pt>
                    <pd>Audio attenuation coefficient for the user, value range: [0,1]. The meanings of the values are as follows:
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: Broadcast mode. Volume and timbre do not attenuate with distance. The local user hears consistent volume and timbre regardless of distance.</li>
                            <li>(0, 0.5): Weak attenuation mode. Volume and timbre attenuate slightly during propagation. Sound travels farther than in real environments.</li>
                            <li>0.5: (Default) Simulates real-world audio attenuation. Equivalent to not setting the <codeph>speaker_attenuation</codeph> parameter.</li>
                            <li>(0.5, 1]: Strong attenuation mode. Volume and timbre attenuate rapidly during propagation.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>forceSet</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to forcibly apply the audio attenuation effect for the user:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Force the use of <codeph>attenuation</codeph> to set the user's audio attenuation. The <codeph>audioAttenuation</codeph> setting in <xref keyref="SpatialAudioZone"/> will not apply to this user.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not forcibly use <codeph>attenuation</codeph> to set the user's audio attenuation. Details are as follows:
                                <ul>
                                    <li>If the sound source and receiver are inside and outside the zone respectively, the attenuation is determined by the <codeph>audioAttenuation</codeph> in <xref keyref="SpatialAudioZone"/>.</li>
                                    <li>If the sound source and receiver are in the same zone or both outside, the attenuation is determined by the <codeph>attenuation</codeph> in this method.</li>
                                </ul>
                            </li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID. This parameter must be the same as the user ID passed in when the user joined the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>attenuation</pt>
                    <pd>Audio attenuation coefficient for the user, range [0, 1]. Value details:
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: Broadcast mode. Volume and tone do not attenuate with distance. The local user hears consistent volume and tone regardless of distance.</li>
                            <li>(0, 0.5): Weak attenuation mode. Volume and tone attenuate slightly during transmission. Sound travels farther than in real environments.</li>
                            <li>0.5: (Default) Simulates real-world volume attenuation. Equivalent to not setting the <codeph>speaker_attenuation</codeph> parameter.</li>
                            <li>(0.5, 1]: Strong attenuation mode. Volume and tone attenuate quickly during transmission.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>forceSet</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to forcefully apply the user's audio attenuation effect:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Forcefully apply the <codeph>attenuation</codeph> setting. The <codeph>audioAttenuation</codeph> value set in <xref keyref="SpatialAudioZone"/> becomes ineffective for this user.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not forcefully apply the <codeph>attenuation</codeph> setting. Behavior:
                                <ul>
                                    <li>If the source and receiver are inside and outside the zone respectively, the attenuation is determined by <codeph>audioAttenuation</codeph> in <xref keyref="SpatialAudioZone"/>.</li>
                                    <li>If both are inside or both are outside the same zone, the attenuation is determined by the <codeph>attenuation</codeph> value in this method.</li>
                                </ul>
                            </li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>