<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_querydevicescore">
    <title><ph keyref="queryDeviceScore"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Queries the device score.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Queries the device score.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="queryDeviceScore"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int queryDeviceScore() = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int queryDeviceScore();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">In high-definition or ultra-high-definition video scenarios, you can call this method to query the device score. If the returned score is low (e.g., below 60), it is recommended to lower the video resolution to avoid affecting the video experience. Different business scenarios may have different minimum requirements for device scores. For specific recommendations, contact technical support.</p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method to query the device score. If the returned score is low (e.g., below 60), you should lower the video resolution to avoid affecting the video experience. Different business scenarios have different minimum score requirements. For specific score recommendations, please contact technical support.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>On success, returns the current device score in the range [0, 100]. A higher score indicates better device performance. Most devices have scores between 60 and 100.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>&gt; 0: The method call succeeds and returns the current device score, ranging from [0, 100]. A higher value indicates better device performance.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>