<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_stoprtmpstreamex">
    <title><ph keyref="stopRtmpStreamEx"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Stops pushing media streams to the specified CDN address.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Stops pushing media streams to the specified CDN address.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="stopRtmpStreamEx"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int stopRtmpStreamEx(const char* url, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int stopRtmpStreamEx(String url, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">Agora recommends using the more comprehensive server-side streaming feature. See [Implement server-side streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
You can call this method to stop pushing media streams to the specified CDN address. This method can only stop streaming to one address at a time. To stop streaming to multiple addresses, call this method multiple times.</p>
            <p props="android">Agora recommends using the more comprehensive server-side streaming service. See [Implement Server-side CDN Streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
You can call this method to stop pushing live streams to a specified CDN address. This method only stops streaming to one address at a time. To stop multiple streams, call this method multiple times.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>This method applies to multi-channel scenarios.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After successfully calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback to report the streaming status.</p>
            <p props="android">After this method is successfully called, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback to report the streaming state.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The RTMP streaming address, in RTMP or RTMPS format. The character length cannot exceed 1024 bytes. Special characters such as Chinese are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The CDN streaming URL. Must be in RTMP or RTMPS format, and no longer than 1024 bytes. Special characters such as Chinese are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>