<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setremotevideostreamtype2">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the type of video stream to subscribe to.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRemoteVideoStreamType(int uid, int streamType)</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                    <dd>This method is deprecated. Use <codeph>setRemoteVideoStreamType(int uid, Constants.VideoStreamType streamType)</codeph> instead.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p props="android">Depending on the sender's default behavior and the configuration of <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph>, the receiver can call this method in the following scenarios:
                <ul>
                    <li>By default, the SDK enables adaptive low-stream mode (<codeph>AUTO_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>) on the sender, meaning only the high-quality stream is sent. Only receivers with the broadcaster role can call this method to request the low-quality stream. Once the sender receives the request, it automatically starts sending the low-quality stream. At this point, all users in the channel can call this method to switch to subscribing to the low-quality stream.</li>
                    <li>If the sender calls <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> and sets <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (never send low-quality stream), this method call has no effect.</li>
                    <li>If the sender calls <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> and sets <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>ENABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (always send low-quality stream), then both broadcasters and audience roles can call this method to switch to the low-quality stream.</li>
                </ul><ph>The SDK dynamically adjusts the video stream size based on the video window size to save bandwidth and computing resources. The default aspect ratio of the low-quality stream is the same as the high-quality stream. The system automatically allocates resolution, frame rate, and bitrate of the low-quality stream based on the current high-quality stream's aspect ratio.</ph></p>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>If both this method and <codeph>setRemoteDefaultVideoStreamType</codeph> are called, this method takes precedence.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>Remote user ID.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>streamType</pt>
                    <pd>Video stream type:
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: High-quality stream.</li>
                            <li>1: Low-quality stream.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>