<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enabledualstreammode3">
    <title><ph keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Sets the dual-stream mode and low-quality stream on the sender side.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the dual-stream mode and low-quality stream at the sender.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableDualStreamMode(bool enabled, const SimulcastStreamConfig&amp; streamConfig) __deprecated = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableDualStreamMode(boolean enabled, SimulcastStreamConfig streamConfig)</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
                <dlentry props="cpp">
                    <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                    <dd>Deprecated since v4.2.0. Use <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> instead.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                    <dd>Deprecated since v4.2.0. Use <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> instead.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method to enable or disable dual-stream mode on the sender side. Dual-stream mode means sending both high-quality and low-quality video streams:
                <ul>
                    <li>High-quality stream: high bitrate and resolution.</li>
                    <li>Low-quality stream: low bitrate and resolution.</li>
                </ul><ph>After enabling dual-stream mode, you can call <xref keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType"/> to select the high or low-quality stream on the receiver side.</ph></p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method to enable or disable dual-stream mode at the sender. Dual-stream consists of one high-quality and one low-quality video stream:
                <ul>
                    <li>High-quality stream: High bitrate, high resolution.</li>
                    <li>Low-quality stream: Low bitrate, low resolution.</li>
                </ul><ph>After enabling dual-stream mode, you can call the <codeph>setRemoteVideoStreamType</codeph> method on the receiver side to choose to receive the high-quality or low-quality stream.</ph></p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method applies to all types of video streams on the sender side, including but not limited to camera capture, screen sharing, and custom video streams.</li>
                    <li>To enable dual-stream mode in multi-channel scenarios, use <xref keyref="enableDualStreamModeEx"/>.</li>
                    <li>You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method applies to all types of video streams on the sender side, including but not limited to camera-captured video, screen sharing, and custom captured video streams.</li>
                    <li>If you need to enable dual-stream mode in a multi-channel scenario, you can call the <xref keyref="enableDualStreamModeEx"/> method.</li>
                    <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable dual-stream mode:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable dual-stream mode.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (default) Disable dual-stream mode.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>streamConfig</pt>
                    <pd>Configuration for the low-quality stream. See <xref keyref="SimulcastStreamConfig"/>.
                        <note>When <codeph>mode</codeph> is set to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>, <codeph>streamConfig</codeph> has no effect.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable dual-stream mode:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable dual-stream mode.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable dual-stream mode.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>streamConfig</pt>
                    <pd>Configuration of the low-quality stream. See <xref keyref="SimulcastStreamConfig"/>.
                        <note>When <codeph>mode</codeph> is set to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>, <codeph>streamConfig</codeph> has no effect.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>