<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_startrtmpstreamwithtranscodingex">
    <title><ph keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Starts RTMP streaming and sets the transcoding configuration.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Starts CDN streaming with transcoding configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx(const char* url, const LiveTranscoding&amp; transcoding, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx(String url, LiveTranscoding transcoding, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">Agora recommends using the more comprehensive server-side streaming feature. See [Implement server-side streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
You can call this method to push real-time audio and video streams to the specified CDN address and set the transcoding configuration. This method can only push media streams to one CDN address at a time. To push to multiple addresses, call this method multiple times.</p>
            <p props="android">Agora recommends using the more comprehensive server-side streaming service. See [Implement Server-side CDN Streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
You can call this method to push audio and video live streams to a specified CDN address and set the transcoding configuration. This method only supports pushing to one CDN address at a time. To push to multiple addresses, call this method multiple times.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>Before using this method, make sure the RTMP streaming service is enabled.</li>
                    <li>Call this method after joining the channel.</li>
                    <li>Only hosts in a live broadcast scenario can call this method.</li>
                    <li>If you need to retry after a streaming failure, call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStreamEx"/> to stop the stream first, then call this method again. Otherwise, the SDK returns the same error code as the last failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>Before using this method, make sure CDN streaming is enabled.</li>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>Only broadcasters in a <codeph>LIVE_BROADCASTING</codeph> channel can call this method.</li>
                    <li>If the stream fails and you need to retry, call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStreamEx"/> first to stop the stream, then call this method again. Otherwise, the SDK returns the same error code as the previous failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>This method applies to multi-channel scenarios.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The RTMP streaming address, in RTMP or RTMPS format. The character length cannot exceed 1024 bytes. Special characters such as Chinese are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>transcoding</pt>
                    <pd>The transcoding configuration for RTMP streaming. See <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The CDN streaming URL. Must be in RTMP or RTMPS format, and no longer than 1024 bytes. Special characters such as Chinese are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>transcoding</pt>
                    <pd>The transcoding configuration for CDN streaming. See <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid URL or transcoding configuration. Check <codeph>url</codeph> and the transcoding configuration.</li>
                            <li>-7: SDK not initialized before calling this method.</li>
                            <li>-19: The RTMP stream address is already in use. Please use a different address.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid URL or transcoding configuration. Please check the <codeph>url</codeph> and <codeph>transcoding</codeph> parameters.</li>
                            <li>-7: SDK not initialized before calling this method.</li>
                            <li>-19: The CDN streaming URL is already in use. Please use a different URL.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>