<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setremotevideostreamtype">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Sets the type of video stream to subscribe to.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the type of video stream to subscribe to.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setRemoteVideoStreamType(uid_t uid, VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE streamType) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRemoteVideoStreamType(int uid, Constants.VideoStreamType streamType);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">Based on the sender's default behavior and the settings when calling <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph>, the receiver can use this method in the following scenarios:
                <ul>
                    <li>By default, the SDK enables the video low stream adaptive mode (<codeph>AUTO_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>) on the sender side, which means only the high-quality stream is sent. Only receivers with the host role can call this method to request the low-quality video stream. Once the sender receives the request, it automatically starts sending the low-quality stream. At this point, all users in the channel can call this method to switch to subscribe to the low-quality stream.</li>
                    <li>If the sender calls <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> with <codeph>mode</codeph> set to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (never send low-quality stream), this method has no effect.</li>
                    <li>If the sender calls <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> with <codeph>mode</codeph> set to <codeph>ENABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (always send low-quality stream), both host and audience roles on the receiver side can call this method to switch to subscribe to the low-quality stream.</li>
                </ul><ph>The SDK dynamically adjusts the resolution of the corresponding video stream based on the size of the video window to save bandwidth and computing resources. The default aspect ratio of the low-quality stream is the same as the high-quality stream. The system automatically allocates resolution, frame rate, and bitrate for the low-quality stream based on the current high-quality stream aspect ratio.</ph></p>
            <p props="android">Depending on the sender's default behavior and the configuration of <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph>, the receiver can call this method in the following scenarios:
                <ul>
                    <li>By default, the SDK enables adaptive low-stream mode (<codeph>AUTO_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>) on the sender, meaning only the high-quality stream is sent. Only receivers with the broadcaster role can call this method to request the low-quality stream. Once the sender receives the request, it automatically starts sending the low-quality stream. At this point, all users in the channel can call this method to switch to subscribing to the low-quality stream.</li>
                    <li>If the sender calls <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> and sets <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (never send low-quality stream), this method call has no effect.</li>
                    <li>If the sender calls <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> and sets <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>ENABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (always send low-quality stream), then both broadcasters and audience roles can call this method to switch to the low-quality stream.</li>
                </ul><ph>The SDK dynamically adjusts the video stream size based on the video window size to save bandwidth and computing resources. The default aspect ratio of the low-quality stream is the same as the high-quality stream. The system automatically allocates resolution, frame rate, and bitrate of the low-quality stream based on the current high-quality stream's aspect ratio.</ph></p>
            <note props="cpp">If you call both this method and <xref keyref="setRemoteDefaultVideoStreamType"/>, the settings in this method take precedence.</note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>If both this method and <codeph>setRemoteDefaultVideoStreamType</codeph> are called, this method takes precedence.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>streamType</pt>
                    <pd>The video stream type. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>Remote user ID.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>streamType</pt>
                    <pd>Video stream type. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>