<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_stopchannelmediarelay">
    <title><ph keyref="stopChannelMediaRelay"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Stops the media stream relay across channels.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Stops media stream relay across channels.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="stopChannelMediaRelay"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int stopChannelMediaRelay() = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int stopChannelMediaRelay();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">Call this method to stop the media stream relay across channels. Once the relay stops, the host leaves all destination channels.</p>
            <p props="android">After calling this method, the broadcaster leaves all destination channels.</p>
            <note props="cpp">If the method call fails, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback and returns the error code <codeph>RELAY_ERROR_SERVER_NO_RESPONSE</codeph> (2) or <codeph>RELAY_ERROR_SERVER_CONNECTION_LOST</codeph> (8). You can also call the <codeph>leaveChannel</codeph> method to leave the channel, and the media stream relay will automatically stop.</note>
            <note props="android">If the method call fails, the SDK reports the error code <codeph>RELAY_ERROR_SERVER_NO_RESPONSE</codeph> (2) or <codeph>RELAY_ERROR_SERVER_CONNECTION_LOST</codeph> (8) through the <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback. You can also call the <codeph>leaveChannel</codeph> method to leave the channel, and the media stream relay will automatically stop.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After this method is successfully called, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback to report the state of the media stream relay.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-5: The call is rejected. There is no ongoing media stream relay across channels.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-5: The call is rejected. No media stream relay is currently running.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>