<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enablevideo">
    <title><ph keyref="enableVideo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Enables the video module.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Enables the video module.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableVideo"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableVideo() = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableVideo();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">By default, the video module is disabled. Call this method to enable it. To disable the video module later, call <xref keyref="disableVideo"/>.</p>
            <p props="android">By default, the video module is disabled. Call this method to enable the video module. To disable it later, call <xref keyref="disableVideo"/>.</p>
            <note props="cpp">This method enables the internal engine and remains effective after leaving the channel.
Calling this method resets the entire engine and may cause slower response. You can use the following methods to control specific video functionalities as needed:
                <ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="enableLocalVideo"/>: Enable camera to create a local video stream.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="muteLocalVideoStream"/>: Publish or unpublish the local video stream.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="muteRemoteVideoStream"/>: Subscribe to or unsubscribe from a remote video stream.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="muteAllRemoteVideoStreams"/>: Subscribe to or unsubscribe from all remote video streams.</li>
                </ul><ph>Calling this method resets the settings of <xref keyref="enableLocalVideo"/>, <xref keyref="muteRemoteVideoStream"/>, and <xref keyref="muteAllRemoteVideoStreams"/>. Use with caution.</ph></note>
            <note props="android">This method enables the internal engine and remains effective after leaving the channel. Calling this method resets the entire engine, which may slow down response time. Depending on your needs, you can use the following methods to control specific video module functions:
                <ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="enableLocalVideo"/>: Whether to enable the camera to create a local video stream.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="muteLocalVideoStream"/>: Whether to publish the local video stream.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="muteRemoteVideoStream"/>: Whether to subscribe to and play the remote video stream.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="muteAllRemoteVideoStreams"/>: Whether to subscribe to and play all remote video streams.</li>
                </ul><ph>Successfully calling this method resets the settings of <xref keyref="enableLocalVideo"/>, <xref keyref="muteRemoteVideoStream"/>, and <xref keyref="muteAllRemoteVideoStreams"/>, so use it with caution.</ph></note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method before or after joining a channel:
                <ul>
                    <li>If you call it before joining a channel, the video module is enabled.</li>
                    <li>If you call it during a voice call, the call switches to a video call.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method before or after joining a channel:
                <ul>
                    <li>If called before joining, it enables the video module.</li>
                    <li>If called during a voice call, the call automatically switches to a video call.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After this method is successfully called, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRemoteVideoStateChanged"/> callback to report remote video state changes.</p>
            <p props="android">Successfully calling this method triggers the <xref keyref="onRemoteVideoStateChanged"/> callback on the remote client.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>