<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_querycamerafocallengthcapability">
    <title><ph keyref="queryCameraFocalLengthCapability"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Queries the focal length capabilities supported by the camera.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Queries the focal length capabilities supported by the camera.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="queryCameraFocalLengthCapability"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int queryCameraFocalLengthCapability(agora::rtc::FocalLengthInfo* focalLengthInfos, int&amp; size) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract AgoraFocalLengthInfo[] queryCameraFocalLengthCapability();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">If you want to enable wide-angle or ultra-wide-angle mode during video capture, it is recommended to call this method first to check whether the device supports the required focal length capability. Then, based on the query result, call the <xref keyref="setCameraCapturerConfiguration"/> method to adjust the camera's focal length configuration for optimal video capture performance.</p>
            <p props="android">It is recommended to call this method before enabling wide-angle or ultra-wide-angle mode for video capture to check whether the device supports the required focal length capabilities. Based on the query result, call <xref keyref="setCameraCapturerConfiguration"/> to adjust the camera's focal length configuration to ensure optimal video capture performance.</p>
            <note props="cpp">This method is only available on Android and iOS platforms.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>focalLengthInfos</pt>
                    <pd>Input and output parameter. A pointer to an array of <xref keyref="FocalLengthInfo"/> objects. After the method is executed, it is filled with the queried focal length information. See <xref keyref="FocalLengthInfo"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>size</pt>
                    <pd>Input and output parameter. Indicates the number of focal length info items. On input, specify the maximum number of focal length info items that <codeph>focalLengthInfos</codeph> can hold. This value should be no less than 8. On output, returns the actual number of focal length info items retrieved.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>If the method call succeeds, returns an array of <xref keyref="FocalLengthInfo"/> objects, containing the camera direction and focal length type.</li>
                    <li>If the method call fails, returns an empty array.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>