<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startrtmpstreamwithtranscoding">
    <title><ph keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Starts CDN streaming with transcoding configuration.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Starts live streaming with transcoding configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(const char* url, const LiveTranscoding&amp; transcoding) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(String url, LiveTranscoding transcoding);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">Agora recommends using a more comprehensive server-side streaming feature. See [Implement server-side CDN streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
You can call this method to push real-time audio and video streams to a specified CDN address and set the transcoding configuration. This method can only push media streams to one CDN address at a time. To push to multiple addresses, call this method multiple times. Under the same Agora project, a maximum of 200 concurrent media stream pushing tasks is supported by default. Contact technical support if you need a higher quota.</p>
            <p props="android">Agora recommends using a more complete server-side streaming solution. See [Implement server-side live streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
You can call this method to push real-time audio and video streams to a specified CDN URL and set the transcoding configuration. This method can only push media streams to one CDN URL at a time. To push to multiple URLs, call this method multiple times. By default, a maximum of 200 streaming tasks can be run simultaneously under one Agora project. For higher limits, contact technical support.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>Only the host role in the interactive live streaming channel scenario can call this method.</li>
                    <li>If you want to retry streaming after a failure, call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> first to stop streaming, then call this method again to retry. Otherwise, the SDK returns the same error code as the previous failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>Only users with the broadcaster role in an interactive live streaming channel can call this method.</li>
                    <li>If you need to retry after a streaming failure, first call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> to stop streaming, then call this method again; otherwise, the SDK will return the same error code as the previous failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="android">After this method is successfully called, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback to report the streaming status.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>CDN streaming URL. Format must be RTMP or RTMPS. The URL length must not exceed 1024 bytes. Chinese and other special characters are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>transcoding</pt>
                    <pd>Transcoding configuration for CDN streaming. See <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The streaming URL in RTMP or RTMPS format. The length must not exceed 1024 bytes. Chinese or other special characters are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>transcoding</pt>
                    <pd>The transcoding configuration for live streaming. See <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid URL or transcoding configuration. Please check <codeph>url</codeph> and <codeph>transcoding</codeph>.</li>
                            <li>-7: SDK is not initialized before calling this method.</li>
                            <li>-19: The CDN streaming URL is already in use. Please use a different URL.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid <codeph>url</codeph> or transcoding configuration. Please check <codeph>url</codeph> and transcoding settings.</li>
                            <li>-7: SDK not initialized before calling this method.</li>
                            <li>-19: Streaming URL already in use. Please use a different URL.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>