<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setremotevideosubscriptionoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteVideoSubscriptionOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Sets subscription options for remote video streams.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the options for subscribing to remote video streams.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRemoteVideoSubscriptionOptions"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setRemoteVideoSubscriptionOptions(uid_t uid, const VideoSubscriptionOptions &amp;options) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRemoteVideoSubscriptionOptions(int uid, VideoSubscriptionOptions options);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">When the remote user enables dual-stream mode, you can call this method to configure the subscription options for the video stream sent by that user. The SDK's default behavior for subscribing to remote video streams depends on the type of video observer registered:
                <ul>
                    <li>If <xref keyref="IVideoFrameObserver"/> is registered, the SDK subscribes to both raw and encoded data by default.</li>
                    <li>If <xref keyref="IVideoEncodedFrameObserver"/> is registered, the SDK subscribes to only encoded data by default.</li>
                    <li>If both observers are registered, the default behavior follows the last registered observer. For example, if <xref keyref="IVideoFrameObserver"/> is registered last, the SDK subscribes to both raw and encoded data.</li>
                </ul><ph>If you want to change the default behavior or set different subscription options for different user IDs, you can use this method.</ph></p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method to set the subscription options for the video stream sent by a remote user. This is applicable when the remote user enables dual-stream mode. The SDK's default subscription behavior depends on the type of registered video observer:
                <ul>
                    <li>If <xref keyref="IVideoFrameObserver"/> is registered, the SDK subscribes to both raw and encoded data by default.</li>
                    <li>If <xref keyref="IVideoEncodedFrameObserver"/> is registered, the SDK subscribes only to encoded data by default.</li>
                    <li>If both observers are registered, the default behavior follows the last registered observer. For example, if <xref keyref="IVideoFrameObserver"/> is registered last, the SDK subscribes to both raw and encoded data by default.</li>
                </ul><ph>If you want to change the default behavior or set different subscription options for different user IDs, you can call this method.</ph></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID of the remote user.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>options</pt>
                    <pd>The video subscription options. See <xref keyref="VideoSubscriptionOptions"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID of the remote user.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>options</pt>
                    <pd>Video subscription options. See <xref keyref="VideoSubscriptionOptions"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>