<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_enabledualstreammodeex">
    <title><ph keyref="enableDualStreamModeEx"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Enables or disables video streams with different quality levels on the sender side.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Enables or disables dual-stream mode on the sending side.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableDualStreamModeEx"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableDualStreamModeEx(bool enabled, const SimulcastStreamConfig&amp; streamConfig, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableDualStreamModeEx(boolean enabled, SimulcastStreamConfig streamConfig, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
                <dlentry props="cpp">
                    <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                    <dd>Deprecated since v4.2.0. Use <xref keyref="setDualStreamModeEx"/> instead.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                    <dd>Deprecated since v4.2.0. Use <xref keyref="setDualStreamModeEx"/> instead.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p props="cpp">Video streams with different quality levels consist of a pair of high-quality (high bitrate, high resolution) and low-quality (low bitrate, low resolution) streams.
After enabling this feature, you can call the <xref keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType"/> method on the subscriber side to choose to receive either high- or low-quality video streams.</p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method to enable or disable dual-stream mode on the sending side. Dual-stream consists of a high-quality video stream and a low-quality video stream:
                <ul>
                    <li>High-quality stream: High bitrate, high resolution.</li>
                    <li>Low-quality stream: Low bitrate, low resolution.</li>
                </ul><ph>After enabling dual-stream mode, you can call <codeph>setRemoteVideoStreamType</codeph> to choose whether to receive the high-quality or low-quality stream on the receiving side.</ph></p>
            <note props="cpp">This method applies to all types of video streams on the sender side, including but not limited to camera-captured streams, screen sharing streams, and custom captured streams.</note>
            <note props="android">This method applies to all types of video streams on the sending side, including but not limited to camera-captured video, screen sharing, and custom captured video streams.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>This method is applicable in multi-channel scenarios.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable video streams with different quality levels:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>streamConfig</pt>
                    <pd>Configuration for the low-quality stream. See <xref keyref="SimulcastStreamConfig"/>.
                        <note>When <codeph>mode</codeph> is set to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>, setting <codeph>streamConfig</codeph> has no effect.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable dual-stream mode:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable dual-stream mode.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable dual-stream mode.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>streamConfig</pt>
                    <pd>Configuration of the low-quality stream. See <xref keyref="SimulcastStreamConfig"/>.
                        <note>When <codeph>mode</codeph> is set to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>, <codeph>streamConfig</codeph> has no effect.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>