<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_createdatastream1">
    <title><ph keyref="createDataStream1"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Creates a data stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Creates a data stream to improve reliability and ordering of data transmission.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="createDataStream1"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int createDataStream(int* streamId, bool reliable, bool ordered) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int createDataStream(boolean reliable, boolean ordered);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <note props="cpp">Each user can create up to five data streams during the lifecycle of <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>. The data streams are destroyed when you leave the channel. To continue using them, you need to recreate them.
If you need a more comprehensive solution for low-latency, high-concurrency, and scalable real-time messaging and state synchronization, it is recommended to use real-time messaging.</note>
            <note props="android">Each user can create up to five data streams during the lifecycle of <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>. Data streams are destroyed when leaving the channel. To continue using them, you need to recreate them. If you require a more comprehensive real-time messaging and state synchronization solution with low latency, high concurrency, and scalability, consider using Real-time Messaging.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method before or after joining the channel.</p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After this method is successfully called, if the receiver does not receive the data within five seconds, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onStreamMessageError"/> callback and returns an error code.</p>
            <p props="android">When <codeph>reliable</codeph> is set to <xref keyref="true"/>, if the receiver does not receive the data within five seconds, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onStreamMessageError"/> callback and returns an error code.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>streamId</pt>
                    <pd>Output parameter. The ID of the created data stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>reliable</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to ensure the data stream is received by the receiver within five seconds:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The receiver will receive the data from the sender within five seconds. If not received, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onStreamMessageError"/> callback and returns an error code.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: The SDK does not guarantee that the data will be received within five seconds. Delay or loss will not return error information.</li>
                        </ul><ph>Note: Make sure <codeph>reliable</codeph> and <codeph>ordered</codeph> are either both <xref keyref="true"/> or both <xref keyref="false"/>.</ph></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ordered</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to receive the data stream in the order it was sent:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The receiver receives data in the order it was sent.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: The receiver does not receive data in the order it was sent.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>reliable</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Make sure <codeph>reliable</codeph> and <codeph>ordered</codeph> are both set to <xref keyref="true"/> or both set to <xref keyref="false"/>.</note><ph>Whether to guarantee that the receiver receives the data within five seconds:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The receiver will receive the data from the sender within five seconds. If not, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onStreamMessageError"/> callback and returns an error code.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: No guarantee that the receiver receives the data within five seconds. No error callback is triggered for delay or loss.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>ordered</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to receive data in the order it was sent:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The receiver receives data in the order it was sent.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: The receiver may receive data out of order.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>On success, returns the ID of the created data stream.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>