<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setaudioscenario">
    <title><ph keyref="setAudioScenario"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Sets the audio scenario.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the audio scenario.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setAudioScenario"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setAudioScenario(AUDIO_SCENARIO_TYPE scenario) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setAudioScenario(int scenario);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <note props="cpp">Due to iOS system limitations, some audio routes may not be recognized in call volume mode. If you need to use an external sound card, it is recommended to set the audio scenario to <codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING</codeph> (3). In this scenario, the SDK switches to media volume to avoid this issue.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>This method applies to various audio scenarios. For example, in music teaching scenarios with high audio quality requirements, it is recommended to set <codeph>scenario</codeph> to <codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING</codeph> (3).</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>scenario</pt>
                    <pd>Audio scenario. Devices use different volume types under different scenarios. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>scenario</pt>
                    <pd>Audio scenario. The device uses different volume types under different audio scenarios:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_DEFAULT</codeph> (0): Default automatic scenario. The SDK selects the appropriate audio quality based on the user role and audio route.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING</codeph> (3): High-quality scenario, suitable for music playback.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_CHATROOM</codeph> (5): Chatroom scenario, suitable for frequent role switching or muting/unmuting the microphone.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_CHORUS</codeph> (7): Real-time chorus scenario, suitable for good network conditions and ultra-low latency requirements. Before using this enum value, you need to call <xref keyref="getAudioDeviceInfo"/> to check whether the audio device supports ultra-low latency capture and playback. To experience ultra-low latency, ensure the audio device supports ultra-low latency (<codeph>isLowLatencyAudioSupported</codeph> = <xref keyref="true"/>).</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_MEETING</codeph> (8): Meeting scenario, mainly for voice.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_AI_CLIENT</codeph> (10): AI conversation scenario, only applicable when the user interacts with a conversational agent created by the <codeph>Conversational AI Engine</codeph>.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>