<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_createdatastreamex2">
    <title><ph keyref="createDataStreamEx2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Creates a data stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Creates a data stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="createDataStreamEx2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int createDataStreamEx(int* streamId, const DataStreamConfig&amp; config, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int createDataStreamEx(DataStreamConfig config, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp"><xref keyref="createDataStreamEx2"/> does not guarantee the reliability of data transmission compared to <xref keyref="createDataStreamEx1"/>. If a data packet is not received within five seconds after being sent, the SDK discards the data directly. It is recommended to call this method after <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/>.</p>
            <p props="android">Compared with <xref keyref="createDataStreamEx1"/>, this method does not guarantee data transmission reliability. If the data packet is not received within five seconds after being sent, the SDK discards it.</p>
            <note props="cpp">Each user can create up to five data streams during the lifecycle of <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>. The data streams are destroyed when leaving the channel. To use them again, you need to recreate them. If you require a more comprehensive solution for low-latency, high-concurrency, and scalable real-time messaging and state synchronization, consider using real-time messaging.</note>
            <note props="android">Each user can create up to five data streams during the lifecycle of the <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>. The data streams are destroyed when leaving the channel. To continue using them, you need to recreate them. If you need a more comprehensive real-time messaging and state synchronization solution with low latency, high concurrency, and scalability, we recommend using real-time messaging.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>This method applies to multi-channel scenarios.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">Call after <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/>.</p>
            <p props="android">Call this method after <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>streamId</pt>
                    <pd>Output parameter. The ID of the created data stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>Configuration of the data stream. See <xref keyref="DataStreamConfig"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>The configuration of the data stream. See <xref keyref="DataStreamConfig"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>