<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startmediarenderingtracing">
    <title><ph keyref="startMediaRenderingTracing"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Enables tracing of the video frame rendering process.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Enables tracing of the video frame rendering process.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startMediaRenderingTracing"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startMediaRenderingTracing() = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startMediaRenderingTracing();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="cpp">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Added in v4.1.1.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Available since v4.1.1.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p props="cpp">After successfully calling this method, the SDK tracks the rendering status of video frames in the channel and reports relevant information via the <xref keyref="onVideoRenderingTracingResult"/> callback.</p>
            <p props="android">Once this method is successfully called, the SDK starts tracing the rendering status of video frames in the channel and reports related event information via the <xref keyref="onVideoRenderingTracingResult"/> callback.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>If you do not call this method, the SDK starts tracking video rendering events from the time you call <codeph>joinChannel</codeph>. You can call this method at an appropriate time based on your application scenario to set the starting point for rendering event tracing.</li>
                    <li>After the local user leaves the current channel, the SDK automatically starts tracking video rendering events again when you rejoin the channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>If you do not call this method, the SDK starts tracing video frame rendering events from the moment <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> is called.</li>
                    <li>After the local user leaves the current channel, the SDK will automatically begin tracing video rendering events again upon rejoining the channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>You can call this method in conjunction with UI settings in your app (such as buttons or sliders) to enhance user experience. For example, call this method when the user clicks the "Join Channel" button, then use the <xref keyref="onVideoRenderingTracingResult"/> callback to get the rendering time of video frames to optimize related metrics.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="android">This method triggers the <xref keyref="onVideoRenderingTracingResult"/> callback.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-7: Called before initializing <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-7: This method is called before <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> is initialized.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>