<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enablelocalvideo">
    <title><ph keyref="enableLocalVideo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Enables or disables local video capture.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Enables or disables local video capture.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableLocalVideo"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableLocalVideo(bool enabled) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableLocalVideo(boolean enabled);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">This method disables or re-enables local video capture without affecting the reception of remote video streams. After calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>, local video capture is enabled by default. If you call <codeph>enableLocalVideo(false)</codeph> in a channel, it also stops publishing the video stream in the channel. To resume capturing, call <codeph>enableLocalVideo(true)</codeph> and then call <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/> to set the <codeph>options</codeph> parameter to publish the captured local video stream in the channel.</p>
            <p props="android">This method disables or re-enables local video capture without affecting the reception of remote video streams. If you call <codeph>enableLocalVideo(false)</codeph> in the channel, it also stops publishing the video stream in the channel. To resume video capture, call <codeph>enableLocalVideo(true)</codeph>, then call <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/> to set the <codeph>options</codeph> parameter to publish the locally captured video stream in the channel. After successfully disabling or enabling local video capture, the remote side triggers the <xref keyref="onRemoteVideoStateChanged"/> callback.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>You can call this method before or after joining a channel. However, if you call it before joining, the setting only takes effect after joining.</li>
                    <li>This method enables the internal engine and remains effective after leaving the channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>You can call this method before or after joining a channel. If called before joining, the setting takes effect after joining the channel.</li>
                    <li>This method enables the internal engine and remains effective after leaving the channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After local video capture is successfully disabled or re-enabled, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRemoteVideoStateChanged"/> callback on the remote client to report the state change.</p>
            <p props="android">After successfully disabling or re-enabling the local video capturer, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRemoteVideoStateChanged"/> callback on the remote client.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable local video capture:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (Default) Enable local video capture.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Disable local video capture. After disabling, remote users cannot receive the local user's video stream, but the local user can still receive remote video streams. A local camera is not required when set to <xref keyref="false"/>.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable local video capture.
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (default) Enables local video capture.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Disables local video capture. When disabled, remote users cannot receive the local user's video stream, but the local user can still receive remote users' video streams. No local camera is required when set to <xref keyref="false"/>.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>