<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_startorupdatechannelmediarelayex">
    <title><ph keyref="startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Starts or updates the media stream relay across channels.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Starts or updates media stream relay across channels.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx(const ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration&amp; configuration, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx(ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration channelMediaRelayConfiguration, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="cpp">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Available since v4.2.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Added since v4.2.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p props="cpp">The first successful call to this method starts relaying media streams from the source channel to the destination channel. To relay to additional channels or stop relaying to a specific channel, call this method again to update the destination channels. This feature supports relaying to up to six destination channels. After a successful call, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback to report the relay status:
                <ul>
                    <li>When the callback returns <codeph>RELAY_STATE_RUNNING</codeph> (2) and <codeph>RELAY_OK</codeph> (0), it indicates that the media stream has started relaying from the source channel to the destination channel.</li>
                    <li>When the callback returns <codeph>RELAY_STATE_FAILURE</codeph> (3), it indicates an error occurred during the media stream relay.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">The first successful call to this method starts relaying media streams from the source channel to the destination channel. To relay to other channels or stop relaying to a specific channel, call this method again to update the destination channels. This feature supports up to six destination channels.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after joining the channel.</li>
                    <li>This method takes effect only when you are a host in a live broadcast channel.</li>
                    <li>To enable the media stream relay across channels feature, contact technical support.</li>
                    <li>This method does not support string user accounts.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>This method is only effective when you are a broadcaster in a live streaming channel.</li>
                    <li>Contact technical support to enable media stream relay across channels.</li>
                    <li>This API does not support string user accounts.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>This method applies to multi-channel scenarios.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="android">After this method is successfully called, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback to report the relay status.
                <ul>
                    <li>If the callback returns <codeph>RELAY_STATE_RUNNING</codeph> (2) and <codeph>RELAY_OK</codeph> (0), the SDK has successfully started relaying media streams from the source channel to the destination channel.</li>
                    <li>If the callback returns <codeph>RELAY_STATE_FAILURE</codeph> (3), an error occurred during media stream relay.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>configuration</pt>
                    <pd>The configuration for media stream relay. See <xref keyref="ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>channelMediaRelayConfiguration</pt>
                    <pd>The configuration for media stream relay. See <xref keyref="ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-1: A general error occurred (no specific reason).</li>
                            <li>-2: Invalid parameter.</li>
                            <li>-8: Internal state error, possibly because the user is not a host.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-1: General error (no specific reason).</li>
                            <li>-2: Invalid parameters.</li>
                            <li>-8: Internal state error, possibly because the user is not a broadcaster.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>