<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startscreencapture">
    <title><ph keyref="startScreenCapture"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Starts screen capture.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Starts screen capture.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startScreenCapture"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startScreenCapture(const ScreenCaptureParameters2&amp; captureParams) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startScreenCapture(ScreenCaptureParameters screenCaptureParameters);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Added since v3.7.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method before or after joining a channel:
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method first, then call <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> and set <codeph>publishScreenCaptureVideo</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/> to start screen sharing.</li>
                    <li>Call this method after joining the channel, then call <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/> and set <codeph>publishScreenCaptureVideo</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/> to start screen sharing.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method before or after joining a channel to start capturing the screen video stream as follows:
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method first, then call <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> and set <codeph>publishScreenCaptureVideo</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/> to start screen sharing.</li>
                    <li>Call this method after joining the channel, then call <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/> and set <codeph>publishScreenCaptureVideo</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/> to start screen sharing.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method is available on Android and iOS only.</li>
                    <li>On iOS, screen sharing is supported on iOS 12.0 and above.</li>
                    <li>If you use a custom audio source instead of SDK audio capture, Agora recommends adding keep-alive logic to your app to prevent screen sharing from being interrupted when the app goes to the background.</li>
                    <li>This feature requires high device performance. Agora recommends using iPhone X or above.</li>
                    <li>This method depends on the iOS screen sharing dynamic library <codeph>AgoraReplayKitExtension.xcframework</codeph>. If the library is removed, screen sharing will not work.</li>
                    <li>On Android, if the user does not grant screen capture permission, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onPermissionError"/> <codeph>(2)</codeph> callback.</li>
                    <li>On Android 9 and above, to prevent the app from being killed in the background, Agora recommends adding the foreground service permission <codeph>android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE</codeph> in <codeph>/app/Manifests/AndroidManifest.xml</codeph>.</li>
                    <li>Due to performance limitations, Android TV does not support screen sharing.</li>
                    <li>Due to system limitations, do not change the video encoding resolution of the screen sharing stream during screen sharing on Huawei devices, as this may cause a crash.</li>
                    <li>Due to system limitations, some Xiaomi devices do not support capturing system audio during screen sharing.</li>
                    <li>To avoid system audio capture failure during screen sharing, Agora recommends setting the audio scenario to <codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING</codeph> via <xref keyref="setAudioScenario"/> before joining the channel.</li>
                    <li>Billing for screen sharing streams is based on <codeph>dimensions</codeph> in <xref keyref="ScreenVideoParameters"/>:
                        <ul>
                            <li>If not set, Agora bills as 1280 × 720.</li>
                            <li>If set, Agora bills based on the provided value.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>On Android, if the user does not grant screen capture permission to the app, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onPermissionError"/> (error code 2) callback.</li>
                    <li>On Android 9 and above, to avoid the app being killed by the system when it goes to the background, Agora recommends adding the foreground service permission <codeph>android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE</codeph> in the <codeph>/app/Manifests/AndroidManifest.xml</codeph> file.</li>
                    <li>Due to performance limitations, Android TV does not support screen sharing.</li>
                    <li>Due to system limitations, when using Huawei phones, do not change the video encoding resolution of the screen sharing stream during screen sharing, as it may cause a crash.</li>
                    <li>Due to system limitations, some Xiaomi devices do not support capturing system audio during screen sharing.</li>
                    <li>To avoid system audio capture failure during screen sharing, Agora recommends setting the audio scenario to <codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING</codeph> using <xref keyref="setAudioScenario"/> before joining the channel.</li>
                    <li>The billing of the screen sharing stream is based on the <codeph>dimensions</codeph> in <xref keyref="ScreenVideoParameters"/>:
                        <ul>
                            <li>If the value is not provided, Agora charges based on 1280 × 720.</li>
                            <li>If the value is provided, Agora charges based on the provided value.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>Used in screen sharing scenarios.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="android">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>captureParams</pt>
                    <pd>The encoding parameters for screen sharing. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters2"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>screenCaptureParameters</pt>
                    <pd>Encoding parameters for screen sharing. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters2"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2 (iOS): Parameter is <xref keyref="NULL"/>.</li>
                            <li>-2 (Android): System version too low. Ensure Android API level is at least 21.</li>
                            <li>-3 (Android): Unable to capture system audio. Ensure Android API level is at least 29.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: System version too low. Make sure the Android API level is no lower than 21.</li>
                            <li>-3: Failed to capture system audio. Make sure the Android API level is no lower than 29.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>