<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_stoprtmpstream">
    <title><ph keyref="stopRtmpStream"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Stops pushing media streams to the specified CDN address.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Stops pushing media streams to the specified CDN URL.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="stopRtmpStream"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int stopRtmpStream(const char* url) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int stopRtmpStream(String url);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">Agora recommends using a more comprehensive server-side streaming feature. See [Implement Server-Side Streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
You can call this method to stop live streaming to the specified CDN address. This method can only stop one address at a time. To stop multiple addresses, call this method multiple times.</p>
            <p props="android">Agora recommends using a more complete server-side streaming solution. See [Implement server-side live streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
You can call this method to stop pushing media streams to a specified CDN URL. This method can only stop streaming to one URL at a time. To stop multiple streams, call this method multiple times.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After successfully calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback to report the streaming status.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The media streaming URL, in RTMP or RTMPS format. The character length must not exceed 1024 bytes.
                        <note>Special characters such as Chinese are not supported.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The streaming URL in RTMP or RTMPS format. The length must not exceed 1024 bytes. Chinese or other special characters are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>