<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setvideodenoiseroptions">
    <title><ph keyref="setVideoDenoiserOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Enables video denoising.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the video denoising feature and its options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setVideoDenoiserOptions"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setVideoDenoiserOptions(bool enabled, const VideoDenoiserOptions&amp; options, agora::media::MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = agora::media::PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setVideoDenoiserOptions(boolean enabled, VideoDenoiserOptions options);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="cpp">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Available since v4.0.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Available since v3.6.2.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p props="android">You can call this method to configure the options for the video denoising effect.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method depends on the beauty effect dynamic library <xref keyref="clearvision"/>. If this library is deleted, the feature cannot be enabled properly.</li>
                    <li>Video denoising has certain performance requirements. If your device overheats after enabling video denoising, Agora recommends setting the denoising option to a lower performance consumption level or disabling it entirely.</li>
                    <li>If the denoising effect provided by this method does not meet your needs, Agora recommends calling <xref keyref="setBeautyEffectOptions"/> to enable beauty and smoothing effects for better video denoising. Recommended <xref keyref="BeautyOptions"/> settings for strong denoising:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>lighteningContrastLevel</codeph>: LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_NORMAL.</li>
                            <li><codeph>lighteningLevel</codeph>: 0.0.</li>
                            <li><codeph>smoothnessLevel</codeph>: 0.5.</li>
                            <li><codeph>rednessLevel</codeph>: 0.0.</li>
                            <li><codeph>sharpnessLevel</codeph>: 0.1.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method depends on the beauty effect dynamic library <xref keyref="clearvision"/>. If the library is removed, the feature cannot be enabled properly.</li>
                    <li>Video denoising requires certain device performance. If enabling it causes device overheating, Agora recommends lowering the performance level of the denoising option or disabling the video denoising feature.</li>
                    <li>If the denoising effect provided by this method does not meet your needs, Agora recommends calling the <codeph>setBeautyEffectOptions</codeph> method to enable beauty and smoothing effects for better denoising. Recommended <xref keyref="BeautyOptions"/> settings for strong denoising effect:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>lighteningContrastLevel</codeph>: <codeph>LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_NORMAL</codeph></li>
                            <li><codeph>lighteningLevel</codeph>: 0.0</li>
                            <li><codeph>smoothnessLevel</codeph>: 0.5</li>
                            <li><codeph>rednessLevel</codeph>: 0.0</li>
                            <li><codeph>sharpnessLevel</codeph>: 0.1</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>In low-light environments or when using low-end video capture devices, video images may exhibit noticeable noise, affecting video quality. In real-time interaction scenarios, video noise also consumes bitrate resources and reduces encoding efficiency. This method is applicable to multi-channel scenarios.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>.</p>
            <p props="android">Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable video denoising:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable video denoising.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable video denoising.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>options</pt>
                    <pd>Video denoising options. See <xref keyref="VideoDenoiserOptions"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>type</pt>
                    <pd>Media source type. See <xref keyref="MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.
                        <note>In this method, only the following two settings are supported:
                            <ul>
                                <li>If using a camera to capture local video, use the default <codeph>PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE</codeph>.</li>
                                <li>If using a custom video source, set this parameter to <codeph>CUSTOM_VIDEO_SOURCE</codeph>.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable video denoising:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable video denoising.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable video denoising.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>options</pt>
                    <pd>Video denoising options. See <xref keyref="VideoDenoiserOptions"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>