<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_takesnapshot">
    <title><ph keyref="takeSnapshot"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Takes a snapshot of the video stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Captures a snapshot of the specified user's video stream and saves it as a JPG image.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="takeSnapshot"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int takeSnapshot(uid_t uid, const char* filePath) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int takeSnapshot(int uid, String filePath);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">This method captures a frame from the specified user's video stream, generates a JPG image, and saves it to the specified path.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>This is an asynchronous call. When the method returns, the SDK has not yet completed the snapshot operation.</li>
                    <li>When used for local video snapshot, this method captures the video stream specified in <xref keyref="ChannelMediaOptions"/>. If the video has been pre-processed, such as with watermarking or beautification, the snapshot result includes these effects.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">This method is asynchronous. When the method returns, the SDK has not yet completed the snapshot operation. When used for a local video snapshot, this method captures the video stream specified in <xref keyref="ChannelMediaOptions"/>. If the video has been preprocessed (e.g., watermark or beautification), the snapshot will include the effects.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">Call this method after joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="android">Call this method after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After this method is successfully called, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onSnapshotTaken"/> callback to report whether the snapshot was successful and provide detailed information.</p>
            <p props="android">After calling this method successfully, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onSnapshotTaken"/> callback to report the snapshot result and details.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID. To capture a snapshot of the local user's video, set <codeph>uid</codeph> to 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>filePath</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Ensure the specified path exists and is writable.</note><ph>The local path to save the snapshot (including file extension). For example:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Windows: <xref keyref="imagePath-example"/></li>
                            <li>iOS: <codeph>/App Sandbox/Library/Caches/example.jpg</codeph></li>
                            <li>macOS: <codeph>～/Library/Logs/example.jpg</codeph></li>
                            <li>Android: <codeph>/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;package name&gt;/files/example.jpg</codeph></li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID. To capture a snapshot of the local user's video, set <codeph>uid</codeph> to 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>filePath</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Make sure the specified path exists and is writable.</note><ph>The local path of the snapshot (including file extension). For example:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Android: <codeph>/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;package name&gt;/files/example.jpg</codeph></li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>