<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_getfaceshapeareaoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="getFaceShapeAreaOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Gets beauty area options.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Gets the current settings of the face beautification area.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="getFaceShapeAreaOptions"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int getFaceShapeAreaOptions(agora::rtc::FaceShapeAreaOptions::FACE_SHAPE_AREA shapeArea, FaceShapeAreaOptions&amp; options, agora::media::MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = agora::media::PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract FaceShapeAreaOptions getFaceShapeAreaOptions(int shapeArea, Constants.MediaSourceType sourceType);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title"/>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>When users open the beauty area and shaping intensity menu in the app, you can call this method to get the current beauty effect options and update the UI accordingly.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">Call this method after <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>.</p>
            <p props="android">Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>shapeArea</pt>
                    <pd>Facial enhancement area. See <xref keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>options</pt>
                    <pd>Output parameter representing options for the facial enhancement area. See <xref keyref="FaceShapeAreaOptions"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>type</pt>
                    <pd>The media source type. See <xref keyref="MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.
                        <note>In this method, this parameter only supports the following two settings:
                            <ul>
                                <li>If using the camera to capture local video, use the default value <codeph>PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE</codeph>.</li>
                                <li>If using a custom video source, set this parameter to <codeph>CUSTOM_VIDEO_SOURCE</codeph>.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>shapeArea</pt>
                    <pd>Face beautification enhancement area.
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NONE</codeph> (-1): (Default) Invalid area, no beautification effect applied.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_HEADSCALE</codeph> (100): Head, used to create a smaller head effect. Adjustment range: [0, 100]. Larger values result in a smaller head. Default is 100.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FOREHEAD</codeph> (101): Forehead, used to adjust the hairline height. Adjustment range: [-100, 100]. Positive values raise the hairline, negative values lower it. The larger the absolute value, the more obvious the effect. Default is 50.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACECONTOUR</codeph> (102): Face contour, used to slim the face. Adjustment range: [0, 100]. Larger values result in a slimmer face. Default is 10.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACELENGTH</codeph> (103): Face length, used to lengthen or shorten the face. Adjustment range: [-100, 100]. Positive values lengthen the face, negative values shorten it. The larger the absolute value, the more obvious the effect. Default is 0.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACEWIDTH</codeph> (104): Face width, used to narrow the face. Adjustment range: [0, 100]. Larger values result in a narrower face. Default is 10.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEKBONE</codeph> (105): Cheekbones, used to adjust cheekbone width. Adjustment range: [0, 100]. Larger values result in narrower cheekbones. Default is 43.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEK</codeph> (106): Cheeks, used to adjust cheek width. Adjustment range: [0, 100]. Larger values result in narrower cheeks. Default is 50.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHIN</codeph> (108): Chin, used to adjust chin length. Adjustment range: [-100, 100]. Positive values lengthen the chin, negative values shorten it. The larger the absolute value, the more obvious the effect. Default is -20.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYESCALE</codeph> (200): Eyes, used to enlarge the eyes. Adjustment range: [0, 100]. Larger values result in bigger eyes. Default is 50.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEDISTANCE</codeph> (201): Eye distance adjustment. Range: [-100, 100]. Default is 0. The larger the absolute value, the more obvious the adjustment. Negative values indicate the opposite direction.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPOSITION</codeph> (202): Eye position adjustment. Range: [-100, 100]. Default is 0. The larger the absolute value, the more obvious the adjustment. Negative values indicate the opposite direction.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_LOWEREYELID</codeph> (203): Lower eyelid adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPUPILS</codeph> (204): Pupil size adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEINNERCORNER</codeph> (205): Inner eye corner adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEOUTERCORNER</codeph> (206): Outer eye corner adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSELENGTH</codeph> (300): Nose length, used to lengthen or shorten the nose. Adjustment range: [-100, 100]. Positive values lengthen the nose, negative values shorten it. The larger the absolute value, the more obvious the effect. Default is -10.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWIDTH</codeph> (301): Nose width, used to slim the nose. Adjustment range: [-100, 100]. Positive values widen the nose, negative values narrow it. The larger the absolute value, the more obvious the effect. Default is 72.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWING</codeph> (302): Nostril adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEROOT</codeph> (303): Nose root adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEBRIDGE</codeph> (304): Nose bridge adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSETIP</codeph> (305): Nose tip adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEGENERAL</codeph> (306): Overall nose adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSCALE</codeph> (400): Mouth, used to enlarge the mouth. Adjustment range: [0, 100]. Larger values result in a bigger mouth. Default is 50.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHPOSITION</codeph> (401): Mouth position adjustment. Range: [-100, 100]. Default is 0. The larger the absolute value, the more obvious the adjustment. Negative values indicate the opposite direction.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSMILE</codeph> (402): Mouth corner smile adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHLIP</codeph> (403): Lip shape adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWPOSITION</codeph> (500): Eyebrow position adjustment. Range: [-100, 100]. Default is 0. The larger the absolute value, the more obvious the adjustment. Negative values indicate the opposite direction.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWTHICKNESS</codeph> (501): Eyebrow thickness adjustment. Range: [0, 100]. Default is 0. Larger values result in more noticeable adjustments.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>sourceType</pt>
                    <pd>The media source type to which the filter effect is applied. See <xref keyref="MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.
                        <note>This parameter only supports the following two settings:
                            <ul>
                                <li>When using the camera to capture local video, use the default value <codeph>PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE</codeph>.</li>
                                <li>When using a custom video source, set to <codeph>CUSTOM_VIDEO_SOURCE</codeph>.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>The <xref keyref="FaceShapeAreaOptions"/> instance, if the method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li><codeph>null</codeph>, if the method call fails.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>