<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ilocalspatialaudioengine_updateselfposition_ilocalspatialaudioengine">
    <title><ph keyref="updateSelfPosition_ILocalSpatialAudioEngine"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Updates the local user's spatial position.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="updateSelfPosition_ILocalSpatialAudioEngine"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int updateSelfPosition(const float position[3], const float axisForward[3], const float axisRight[3], const float axisUp[3]) = 0;</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">This method belongs to the <xref keyref="ILocalSpatialAudioEngine"/> class and needs to be used together with <xref keyref="updateRemotePosition"/>. The SDK calculates the relative position between the local user and the remote user based on the parameters of this method and <xref keyref="updateRemotePosition"/>, and generates spatial audio parameters accordingly.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Position coordinates in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, representing the forward, right, and up coordinates respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>axisForward</pt>
                    <pd>Unit vector along the x-axis of the coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, representing the forward, right, and up coordinates respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>axisRight</pt>
                    <pd>Unit vector along the y-axis of the coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, representing the forward, right, and up coordinates respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>axisUp</pt>
                    <pd>Unit vector along the z-axis of the coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, representing the forward, right, and up coordinates respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>