<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setcamerazoomfactor">
    <title><ph keyref="setCameraZoomFactor"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Sets the camera zoom factor.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the camera zoom factor.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setCameraZoomFactor"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setCameraZoomFactor(float factor) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setCameraZoomFactor(float factor);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">For iOS devices with multiple rear cameras, such as dual (wide and ultra-wide) or triple (wide, ultra-wide, and telephoto) cameras, you can first call <xref keyref="setCameraCapturerConfiguration"/> and set <codeph>cameraFocalLengthType</codeph> to <codeph>CAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_DEFAULT</codeph> (0) (standard lens), then set the zoom factor to a value less than 1.0 to achieve ultra-wide-angle video capture.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method is only applicable to Android and iOS platforms.</li>
                    <li>You must call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>. The setting takes effect after the camera is successfully enabled, that is, after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING</codeph> (1).</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">You must call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>. This setting takes effect after the camera is successfully started, i.e., after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING</codeph> (1).</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>factor</pt>
                    <pd>The camera zoom factor. You can call <xref keyref="getCameraMaxZoomFactor"/> to get the maximum zoom factor supported by the device.
                        <note>For devices that do not support ultra-wide-angle, the value ranges from 1.0 to the maximum zoom factor supported by the device; for devices that support ultra-wide-angle, the value ranges from 0.5 to the maximum zoom factor supported by the device.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>factor</pt>
                    <pd>Camera zoom factor. You can call <xref keyref="getCameraMaxZoomFactor"/> to get the maximum zoom factor supported by the device.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success. Returns the set camera zoom factor.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>If the method call succeeds, returns the value of the camera zoom factor <codeph>factor</codeph>.</li>
                    <li>If the method call fails, returns a value less than 0.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>