<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setremotedefaultvideostreamtype">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteDefaultVideoStreamType"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Sets the default video stream type to subscribe to.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the default video stream type to subscribe to.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRemoteDefaultVideoStreamType"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setRemoteDefaultVideoStreamType(VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE streamType) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRemoteDefaultVideoStreamType(Constants.VideoStreamType streamType);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">Depending on the sender's default behavior and the settings when calling <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph>, the receiving client can call this method in the following scenarios:
                <ul>
                    <li>By default, the SDK enables adaptive small video stream mode (<codeph>AUTO_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>) on the sender, meaning only the high-quality stream is sent. In this case, only host-role receivers can call this method to request the low-quality stream. Once the sender receives the request, it starts sending the low-quality stream. Then all users in the channel can call this method to switch to low-quality stream subscription mode.</li>
                    <li>If the sender calls <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> with <codeph>mode</codeph> set to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (never send low-quality stream), this method has no effect.</li>
                    <li>If the sender calls <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> with <codeph>mode</codeph> set to <codeph>ENABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (always send low-quality stream), both host and audience-role receivers can call this method to switch to low-quality stream subscription mode.</li>
                </ul><ph>The SDK dynamically adjusts the stream resolution based on the video window size to save bandwidth and computing resources. The aspect ratio of the low-quality stream is the same as the high-quality stream. The system automatically allocates resolution, frame rate, and bitrate for the low-quality stream based on the current high-quality stream's aspect ratio.</ph></p>
            <p props="android">Depending on the sender's default behavior and the settings when calling <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph>, the scenarios for calling this method on the receiver side are as follows:
                <ul>
                    <li>By default, the SDK enables the adaptive low-stream mode (<codeph>AUTO_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>) on the sender side, meaning only the high-quality video stream is sent. Only receivers with the broadcaster role can call this method to request the low-quality video stream. Once the sender receives the request, it automatically starts sending the low-quality stream. At this point, all users in the channel can call this method to switch to subscribing to the low-quality stream.</li>
                    <li>If the sender calls <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> and sets <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (never send low-quality stream), then calling this method has no effect.</li>
                    <li>If the sender calls <codeph>setDualStreamMode</codeph> and sets <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>ENABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (always send low-quality stream), then both broadcaster and audience roles on the receiver side can call this method to switch to subscribing to the low-quality stream.</li>
                </ul><ph>The SDK dynamically adjusts the resolution of the corresponding video stream based on the size of the video window to save bandwidth and computing resources. The default aspect ratio of the low-quality stream is the same as that of the high-quality stream. The system automatically allocates the resolution, frame rate, and bitrate of the low-quality stream based on the current aspect ratio of the high-quality stream.</ph></p>
            <note props="cpp">If you call both this method and <xref keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType"/>, the setting in <xref keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType"/> takes precedence.</note>
            <note props="android">If you call both this method and <codeph>setRemoteVideoStreamType</codeph>, the settings in <codeph>setRemoteVideoStreamType</codeph> take precedence.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">Call this method before joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="android">Call this method before joining a channel. The SDK does not support changing the default subscribed video stream type after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>streamType</pt>
                    <pd>The default video stream type to subscribe to. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>streamType</pt>
                    <pd>Video stream type. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>