<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_iscameratorchsupported">
    <title><ph keyref="isCameraTorchSupported"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Checks whether the device supports camera torch.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Checks whether the device supports camera torch.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="isCameraTorchSupported"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual bool isCameraTorchSupported() = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract boolean isCameraTorchSupported();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <note props="cpp"><xref keyref="isCameraTorchSupported"/> is only applicable to Android and iOS platforms. You must call this method after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING</codeph> (1). The app uses the front camera by default. If the front camera does not support torch, this method returns <xref keyref="false"/>. If you want to check whether the rear camera supports torch, call <xref keyref="switchCamera"/> before calling this method. On iPads running iOS 15, even if <xref keyref="isCameraTorchSupported"/> returns <xref keyref="true"/>, due to system issues, calling <xref keyref="setCameraTorchOn"/> may fail to turn on the torch.</note>
            <note props="android">You must call this method after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING</codeph> (1). The app uses the front camera by default. If the front camera does not support torch, this method returns <xref keyref="false"/>. To check whether the rear camera supports torch, call <codeph>switchCamera</codeph> before calling this method.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The device supports camera torch.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="false"/>: The device does not support camera torch.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The device supports camera torch.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="false"/>: The device does not support camera torch.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>