<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_imediaplayer_seek">
    <title><ph keyref="seek"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Jumps to a new playback position.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Jumps to a new playback position.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="seek"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int seek(int64_t newPos) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">int seek(long newPos);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">If you call <xref keyref="seek"/> after playback is complete (i.e., after receiving the <xref keyref="onPlayerSourceStateChanged"/> callback reporting the playback state as <codeph>PLAYER_STATE_PLAYBACK_COMPLETED</codeph> or <codeph>PLAYER_STATE_PLAYBACK_ALL_LOOPS_COMPLETED</codeph>), the SDK restarts playback from the specified position and triggers the <xref keyref="onPlayerSourceStateChanged"/> callback reporting the playback state as <codeph>PLAYER_STATE_PLAYING</codeph>.
If you call <xref keyref="seek"/> while playback is paused, after a successful call, the SDK jumps to the specified position. To resume playback, call <xref keyref="resume"/> or <xref keyref="play"/>.</p>
            <p props="android">If you call <xref keyref="seek"/> after playback is completed (i.e., after receiving the <xref keyref="onPlayerSourceStateChanged"/> callback with state <codeph>PLAYER_STATE_PLAYBACK_COMPLETED</codeph> or <codeph>PLAYER_STATE_PLAYBACK_ALL_LOOPS_COMPLETED</codeph>), the SDK starts playback from the specified position and triggers the <xref keyref="onPlayerSourceStateChanged"/> callback with state <codeph>PLAYER_STATE_PLAYING</codeph>.
If you call <xref keyref="seek"/> while playback is paused, the SDK jumps to the specified position after a successful call. To resume playback, call <xref keyref="resume"/> or <xref keyref="play"/>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After this method is called successfully, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onPlayerEvent"/> callback to report the result of jumping to the new playback position.</p>
            <p props="android">After successfully calling this method, you will receive the <xref keyref="onPlayerEvent"/> callback reporting the result of the seek operation.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>newPos</pt>
                    <pd>The new playback position in milliseconds.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>newPos</pt>
                    <pd>The new playback position in milliseconds.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>