<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setlocalrendertargetfps">
    <title><ph keyref="setLocalRenderTargetFps"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Sets the maximum frame rate for local video rendering.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the maximum frame rate for local video rendering.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setLocalRenderTargetFps"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setLocalRenderTargetFps(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType, int targetFps) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setLocalRenderTargetFps(Constants.VideoSourceType sourceType, int targetFps);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="android">You can call this method in scenarios where high rendering frame rate is not required, such as screen sharing or online education. The SDK will attempt to keep the actual local rendering frame rate near the specified value to reduce CPU usage and improve system performance.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>In scenarios where video rendering frame rate is not critical (such as screen sharing or online education), you can call this method to set the maximum frame rate for local video rendering. The SDK will try to keep the actual local rendering frame rate near this value to reduce CPU usage and improve system performance.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>sourceType</pt>
                    <pd>Video source type. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>targetFps</pt>
                    <pd>Capture frame rate (fps) for local video. Supported values: 1, 7, 10, 15, 24, 30, 60.
                        <note>Set this parameter to a value lower than the actual video frame rate, otherwise the setting will be invalid.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>sourceType</pt>
                    <pd>Type of video source. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>targetFps</pt>
                    <pd>Frame rate (fps) for local video capture. Supported values: 1, 7, 10, 15, 24, 30, 60.
                        <note>This parameter must be set to a value lower than the actual video frame rate, otherwise it will not take effect.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>