<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setvideoencoderconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Sets the encoder configuration for the local video.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the encoder configuration for the local video.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setVideoEncoderConfiguration(const VideoEncoderConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setVideoEncoderConfiguration(VideoEncoderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method and the <xref keyref="getMirrorApplied"/> method both support setting mirror effects. Agora recommends using only one of them; using both may cause the mirror effect to overlap and the setting to fail.</li>
                    <li>The <codeph>config</codeph> specified in this method represents the maximum values under ideal network conditions. If the video engine cannot render the video using the specified <codeph>config</codeph> due to unstable network conditions, it will try lower parameters in the list until a usable configuration is found.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method and <xref keyref="getMirrorApplied"/> both support setting mirror effects. Agora recommends using only one of them. Using both may cause mirror effect stacking, making the mirror setting ineffective.</li>
                    <li>The <codeph>config</codeph> specified in this method is the maximum value under ideal network conditions. If the video engine cannot render video using the specified <codeph>config</codeph> due to unstable network conditions, it will try lower parameters in the list until it finds a usable configuration.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method before or after joining a channel. If you do not need to reset the video encoding properties after joining the channel, Agora recommends calling this method before <xref keyref="enableVideo"/> to reduce the time to render the first video frame.</p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method before or after joining a channel. If the user does not need to reset video encoding properties after joining, Agora recommends calling this method before <xref keyref="enableVideo"/> to reduce the time to render the first video frame.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>Video encoding configuration. See <xref keyref="VideoEncoderConfiguration"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>Video encoder configuration. See <xref keyref="VideoEncoderConfiguration"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>