<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startlastmileprobetest">
    <title><ph keyref="startLastmileProbeTest"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Starts the last-mile network probe test.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Starts the last-mile network probe test.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startLastmileProbeTest"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startLastmileProbeTest(const LastmileProbeConfig&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startLastmileProbeTest(LastmileProbeConfig config);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">Call sequence: Do not call other methods before receiving the <xref keyref="onLastmileQuality"/> and <xref keyref="onLastmileProbeResult"/> callbacks, or these callbacks may be interrupted.
Related callbacks: After successfully calling this method, the SDK triggers the following two callbacks in sequence:
                <ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="onLastmileQuality"/>: Triggered within about two seconds based on network conditions. This callback evaluates network quality and is closer to user experience.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="onLastmileProbeResult"/>: Triggered within about 30 seconds based on network conditions. This callback returns real-time statistics of the network condition, providing a more objective view.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">This method starts the last-mile network probe test before joining a channel to obtain uplink and downlink network statistics, including bandwidth, packet loss, jitter, and round-trip time (RTT).</p>
            <note props="android">Call sequence: Do not call other methods before receiving the <xref keyref="onLastmileQuality"/> and <xref keyref="onLastmileProbeResult"/> callbacks, or the callbacks may be interrupted.
Related callbacks: After successfully calling this method, the SDK triggers the following callbacks:
                <ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="onLastmileQuality"/>: Triggered within about two seconds based on network conditions. It evaluates network quality and is more related to user experience.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="onLastmileProbeResult"/>: Triggered within about 30 seconds based on network conditions. It returns real-time statistics and is more objective.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>The configuration for the last-mile network probe test. See <xref keyref="LastmileProbeConfig"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>Configuration for the last-mile network probe test. See <xref keyref="LastmileProbeConfig"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>