<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_getcurrentmonotonictimeinms">
    <title><ph keyref="getCurrentMonotonicTimeInMs"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Gets the SDK's current monotonic time.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Gets the current monotonic time of the SDK.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="getCurrentMonotonicTimeInMs"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int64_t getCurrentMonotonicTimeInMs() = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract long getCurrentMonotonicTimeInMs();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">In custom video or audio capture scenarios, to ensure audio-video sync, call this method to get the SDK's current monotonic time (in milliseconds) and pass it into the timestamp parameter of the captured <xref keyref="VideoFrame"/> or <xref keyref="AudioFrame"/>. Monotonic time refers to a time sequence that increases monotonically over time.</p>
            <p props="android">In custom video and audio capture scenarios, to ensure audio-video synchronization, Agora recommends calling this method to get the current monotonic time of the SDK and passing this value to the timestamp parameter of the captured <codeph>VideoFrame</codeph> and <xref keyref="AudioFrame"/>. Monotonic time refers to a time sequence that increases monotonically over time, in milliseconds.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>≥ 0: Success. Returns the SDK's current monotonic time in milliseconds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>If the method call succeeds, returns the current monotonic time of the SDK in milliseconds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>