<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_querycodeccapability">
    <title><ph keyref="queryCodecCapability"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Queries the video codec capabilities supported by the SDK.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Queries the SDK's video codec capabilities.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="queryCodecCapability"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int queryCodecCapability(CodecCapInfo* codecInfo, int&amp; size) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract CodecCapInfo[] queryCodecCapability();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title"/>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>codecInfo</pt>
                    <pd>Input and output parameter representing the array of video codec capabilities supported by the SDK. You pass a <xref keyref="CodecCapInfo"/> array when calling this method to indicate the video codec capabilities to query. After execution, the array is filled with the actual video codec capabilities supported by the SDK. See <xref keyref="CodecCapInfo"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>size</pt>
                    <pd>Input and output parameter representing the size of the <codeph>codecInfo</codeph> array. You pass in the size of <codeph>codecInfo</codeph> when calling this method. After execution, this value is updated to the actual size of the returned <codeph>codecInfo</codeph> array.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">If the method call succeeds, it returns an array of <xref keyref="CodecCapInfo"/>, indicating the device's video encoding capabilities. If the method call times out, please modify your logic to avoid calling this method on the main thread.</p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>