<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_imediaplayer_playpreloadedsrc">
    <title><ph keyref="playPreloadedSrc"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Plays a preloaded media resource.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Plays a preloaded media resource.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="playPreloadedSrc"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int playPreloadedSrc(const char* src) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">int playPreloadedSrc(String src);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">After calling <xref keyref="preloadSrc"/> to preload a media resource into the playlist, you can call this method to play the resource. If the call is successful and the <xref keyref="onPlayerSourceStateChanged"/> callback reports the <codeph>PLAYER_STATE_PLAYING</codeph> state, it indicates that playback has started.

If you want to switch to another preloaded media resource, call this method again with a new media resource URL. To replay the same media resource, you need to call <xref keyref="preloadSrc"/> again to preload it.

To clear the playlist, call the <xref keyref="stop"/> method.</p>
            <p props="android">After preloading a media resource into the playlist using <xref keyref="preloadSrc"/>, you can call <xref keyref="playPreloadedSrc"/> to play it. If you receive the <xref keyref="onPlayerSourceStateChanged"/> callback reporting the <codeph>PLAYER_STATE_PLAYING</codeph> state, playback is successful.
To switch to another preloaded media resource, call <xref keyref="playPreloadedSrc"/> again with a new media resource URL. To replay the same media resource, preload it again using <xref keyref="preloadSrc"/> before playing. To clear the playlist, call <xref keyref="Stop_Player"/>.</p>
            <note props="cpp">If you call this method while playback is paused, it will not take effect until playback resumes.</note>
            <note props="android">If you call this method while playback is paused, it will not take effect until playback resumes.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>src</pt>
                    <pd>The URL of the media resource in the playlist. It must match the <codeph>src</codeph> set via <xref keyref="preloadSrc"/>; otherwise, the media resource cannot be played.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>src</pt>
                    <pd>URL of the media resource in the playlist. Must match the <codeph>src</codeph> set by <xref keyref="preloadSrc"/>, otherwise the media resource cannot be played.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>