<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enablecontentinspect">
    <title><ph keyref="enableContentInspect"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Enables or disables the local snapshot upload feature.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Enables or disables the local snapshot upload feature.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableContentInspect"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableContentInspect(bool enabled, const media::ContentInspectConfig &amp;config) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableContentInspect(boolean enabled, ContentInspectConfig config);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">After enabling this feature, the SDK captures and uploads snapshots of the local user's video based on the module type and frequency you set in <xref keyref="ContentInspectConfig"/>. Once the snapshot and upload are complete, the Agora server sends a callback notification to your app server via HTTPS and uploads all snapshots to a third-party cloud storage service.</p>
            <p props="android">The SDK captures and uploads snapshots of the local user's video based on the module type and frequency set in <xref keyref="ContentInspectConfig"/>. After completing the capture and upload, the Agora server sends a callback notification to your application server via HTTPS and uploads all snapshots to third-party cloud storage.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>Before calling this method, ensure that you have enabled the local snapshot upload feature in the Agora Console.</li>
                    <li>If the video moderation module is set to use Agora's proprietary extension (<codeph>CONTENT_INSPECT_SUPERVISION</codeph>), you must use the local snapshot upload dynamic library <xref keyref="moderation"/>. Deleting this library disables the snapshot upload feature.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>Before calling this method, make sure you have enabled the local snapshot upload feature in the Agora Console.</li>
                    <li>If the video moderation module uses the Agora proprietary extension (<codeph>CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_SUPERVISE</codeph>), you need to use the local snapshot upload dynamic library <xref keyref="moderation"/>. Removing this library disables the snapshot upload feature.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="android">You can call this method before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable the local snapshot upload feature:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Disable.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>Snapshot upload configuration. See <xref keyref="ContentInspectConfig"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable the local snapshot upload feature:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable the local snapshot upload feature.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Disable the local snapshot upload feature.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>The snapshot upload configuration. See <xref keyref="ContentInspectConfig"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>