<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_leavechannel">
    <title><ph keyref="leaveChannel"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Leaves the channel.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Leaves the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="leaveChannel"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int leaveChannel() = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int leaveChannel();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">After calling this method, the SDK stops audio and video interaction, leaves the current channel, and releases all resources related to the session. After joining a channel, you must call this method to end the call, otherwise you cannot start the next call.</p>
            <p props="android">After calling this method, the SDK stops all audio and video interactions and releases all resources related to the session. You must call this method after joining a channel to end the call; otherwise, you cannot start the next call.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>If you call <xref keyref="release"/> immediately after this method, the SDK does not trigger the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback.</li>
                    <li>This is an asynchronous method. When the method returns, it does not mean the user has completely left the channel.</li>
                    <li>If you joined multiple channels using <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/>, calling this method leaves all the channels you joined.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>If you call <xref keyref="destroy1"/> immediately after this method, the SDK does not trigger the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback.</li>
                    <li>This method is asynchronous. When it returns, it does not mean the user has completely left the channel.</li>
                    <li>If you joined multiple channels using <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/>, calling this method leaves all the channels you joined.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">Call this method after joining the channel.</p>
            <p props="android">Call this method after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After this method is successfully called, the SDK triggers the following callbacks:
                <ul>
                    <li>Local client: Triggers the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback.</li>
                    <li>Remote client: Triggers the <xref keyref="onUserOffline"/> callback when the remote host leaves the channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">After this method is successfully called, the following callbacks are triggered:
                <ul>
                    <li>Local client instance: Triggers the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback.</li>
                    <li>Remote client instance: When the remote host leaves the channel, the <xref keyref="onUserOffline"/> callback is triggered.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-1: A general error occurred (no specific reason).</li>
                            <li>-2: Invalid parameter.</li>
                            <li>-7: SDK not initialized.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-1: A general error occurs (no specific reason).</li>
                            <li>-2: Invalid parameter.</li>
                            <li>-7: SDK is not initialized.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>