<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_preloadchannel">
    <title><ph keyref="preloadChannel"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Preloads the specified channel to reduce the time it takes for an audience member to join.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Preloads the specified channel to reduce the time it takes for a viewer to join the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="preloadChannel"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int preloadChannel(const char* token, const char* channelId, uid_t uid) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int preloadChannel(String token, String channelName, int optionalUid);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">When audience members frequently switch between different channels, calling this method can reduce the time it takes to join a channel, thereby reducing the delay in hearing or seeing the host. If you join a preloaded channel, leave it, and want to rejoin it, you do not need to call this method again unless the Token used for preloading has expired.</p>
            <p props="android">When viewers need to switch between different channels frequently, calling this method can reduce the time to join a channel, thereby reducing the delay in hearing and seeing the host. If you rejoin a preloaded channel after leaving it, you do not need to call this method again unless the token used for preloading has expired.</p>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>When calling this method, ensure the user role is set to audience and the audio scenario is not set to <codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_CHORUS</codeph>, otherwise this method will not take effect.</li>
                    <li>Ensure that the channel name, user ID, and Token used for preloading are the same as those used when joining the channel, otherwise this method will not take effect.</li>
                    <li>One <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> instance supports up to 20 preloaded channels. If this limit is exceeded, only the latest 20 preloaded channels take effect.</li>
                    <li>Failing to preload a channel does not affect the ability to join the channel or increase the time needed to join.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>When calling this method, ensure the user role is set to audience and the audio scenario is not set to <codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_CHORUS</codeph>, otherwise this method will not take effect.</li>
                    <li>You must also ensure that the channel name, user ID, and token used for preloading are the same as those used when joining the channel, otherwise the method will not take effect.</li>
                    <li>A single <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> instance supports preloading up to 20 channels. If this limit is exceeded, only the most recent 20 preloaded channels take effect.</li>
                    <li>Failing to preload a channel does not mean the channel cannot be joined, nor does it increase the time required to join the channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">To improve the user experience of channel preloading, Agora recommends calling this method as early as possible after confirming the channel name and user information.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>token</pt>
                    <pd>The Token used for authentication, generated by your server. When the Token expires, you can update it based on the number of preloaded channels:
                        <ul>
                            <li>To preload one channel, call this method with the new Token.</li>
                            <li>To preload multiple channels:
                                <ul>
                                    <li>If you use a wildcard Token for all channels, call <xref keyref="updatePreloadChannelToken"/> to update the Token. Ensure the user ID is not 0 when generating the wildcard Token.</li>
                                    <li>If you use different Tokens for different channels, call this method with your user ID, channel name, and new Token.</li>
                                </ul>
                            </li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>channelId</pt>
                    <pd>The name of the channel you want to preload. This parameter represents the channel where users interact via real-time audio and video. Users with the same channel name under the same App ID will join the same channel. The channel name must be less than 64 bytes. Supported characters (89 total):
                        <ul>
                            <li>All lowercase letters: a to z.</li>
                            <li>All uppercase letters: A to Z.</li>
                            <li>All numeric characters: 0 to 9.</li>
                            <li>"!", "#", "$", "%", "&amp;", "(", ")", "+", "-", ":", ";", "&lt;", "=", ".", "&gt;", "?", "@", "[", "]", "^", "_", "{", "}", "|", "~", ",".</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID used to identify a user in the channel for real-time audio and video interaction. You must set and manage the user ID yourself, and ensure that each user ID in the same channel is unique. This parameter is a 32-bit unsigned integer ranging from 1 to 2^32 - 1. If the user ID is not specified (or set to 0), the SDK assigns a random user ID and returns it in the <xref keyref="onJoinChannelSuccess"/> callback. Your app must record and maintain the returned user ID; the SDK does not save it.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>token</pt>
                    <pd>The token generated on your server for authentication. When the token used for preloading expires, you can update the token based on the number of preloaded channels:
                        <ul>
                            <li>To preload one channel, call this method with the new token.</li>
                            <li>To preload multiple channels:
                                <ul>
                                    <li>If you use a wildcard token for all preloaded channels, call <xref keyref="updatePreloadChannelToken"/> to update the token. Note: When generating a wildcard token, make sure the user ID is not 0.</li>
                                    <li>If you use different tokens for different channels, call this method with your user ID, channel name, and the new token.</li>
                                </ul>
                            </li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>channelName</pt>
                    <pd>The name of the channel you want to preload. This parameter represents the channel where users conduct real-time audio and video interactions. Users with the same channel name under the same App ID will join the same channel. The string length must be less than 64 bytes. Supported characters (89 total):
                        <ul>
                            <li>All lowercase English letters: a to z.</li>
                            <li>All uppercase English letters: A to Z.</li>
                            <li>All numeric characters: 0 to 9.</li>
                            <li>"!", "#", "$", "%", "&amp;", "(", ")", "+", "-", ":", ";", "&lt;", "=", ".", "&gt;", "?", "@", "[", "]", "^", "_", "{", "}", "|", "~", ",".</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>optionalUid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID. Used to identify users in the channel for real-time audio and video interaction. You need to set and manage the user ID yourself and ensure that each user ID in the same channel is unique. This parameter is a 32-bit signed integer, ranging from -2^31 to 2^31-1. If the user ID is not specified (or set to 0), the SDK assigns a random user ID and returns it in the <xref keyref="onJoinChannelSuccess"/> callback. Your app must record and maintain the returned user ID; the SDK does not store it.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-7: The <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object is not initialized. Please initialize <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> before calling this method.</li>
                            <li>-102: The channel name is invalid. Please provide a valid channel name and rejoin the channel.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-7: The <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object is not initialized. Please initialize the <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object before calling this method.</li>
                            <li>-102: Invalid channel name. Please provide a valid channel name and rejoin the channel.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>