<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_leavechannel2">
    <title><ph keyref="leaveChannel2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Sets channel options and leaves the channel.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets channel options and leaves the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="leaveChannel2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int leaveChannel(const LeaveChannelOptions&amp; options) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int leaveChannel(LeaveChannelOptions options);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">After calling this method, the SDK stops audio and video interaction, leaves the current channel, and releases all resources related to the session. If you joined multiple channels using <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/>, calling this method leaves all the channels you joined.</p>
            <p props="android">After calling this method, the SDK stops all audio and video interactions, leaves the current channel, and releases all session-related resources. If you joined multiple channels using <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/>, calling this method leaves all the channels you joined.</p>
            <note props="cpp">If you call <xref keyref="release"/> immediately after this method, the SDK does not trigger the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback. This is an asynchronous method. When the method returns, it does not mean the user has left the channel.</note>
            <note props="android">If you call <xref keyref="destroy1"/> immediately after this method, the SDK does not trigger the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback. This method is asynchronous. When it returns, it does not necessarily mean the user has left the channel.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">Call this method after joining the channel.</p>
            <p props="android">Call this method after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="cpp">After this method is successfully called, the SDK triggers the following callbacks:
                <ul>
                    <li>Local client: Triggers the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback.</li>
                    <li>Remote client: Triggers the <xref keyref="onUserOffline"/> callback when the remote host leaves the channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">After this method is successfully called, the following callbacks are triggered:
                <ul>
                    <li>Local client instance: Triggers the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback.</li>
                    <li>Remote client instance: When the remote host leaves the channel, the <xref keyref="onUserOffline"/> callback is triggered.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>options</pt>
                    <pd>Options for leaving the channel. See <xref keyref="LeaveChannelOptions"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>options</pt>
                    <pd>Options for leaving the channel. See <xref keyref="LeaveChannelOptions"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>