<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setremotesubscribefallbackoption2">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteSubscribeFallbackOption2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the fallback option for already subscribed video streams based on network conditions.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRemoteSubscribeFallbackOption2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRemoteSubscribeFallbackOption(int option)</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                    <dd>This method is deprecated.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p props="android">Unstable networks affect the audio and video quality in video calls or interactive live streaming. When the downlink network cannot support both audio and video, if <codeph>option</codeph> is set to <codeph>STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_VIDEO_STREAM_LOW</codeph> or <codeph>STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_AUDIO_ONLY</codeph>, the SDK automatically switches the video stream from high quality to low quality, or disables the video to ensure audio quality. The SDK continuously monitors network quality and resumes audio and video stream subscription when the network improves.</p>
            <note props="android">When the subscribed video stream falls back to audio-only or recovers from audio-only to audio and video, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly"/> callback.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>option</pt>
                    <pd>The fallback option for the subscribed stream:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_DISABLED</codeph> (0): No fallback for audio and video streams. Audio and video quality is not guaranteed.</li>
                            <li><codeph>STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_VIDEO_STREAM_LOW</codeph> (1): (Default) When the downlink network is poor, the subscribed remote video stream falls back to a low-quality (low resolution, low bitrate) video stream.</li>
                            <li><codeph>STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_AUDIO_ONLY</codeph> (2): When the network condition is poor, the SDK first attempts to receive the low-quality video stream. If the network is too poor to display video, it falls back to receiving only the audio stream.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>