<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startaudiorecording3">
    <title><ph keyref="startAudioRecording3"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Starts client-side audio recording and sets recording parameters.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Starts client-side recording and applies recording configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startAudioRecording3"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startAudioRecording(const AudioRecordingConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startAudioRecording(AudioRecordingConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">After calling the <codeph>startAudioRecording</codeph> method, you can record the audio of users in the channel on the client during the call and obtain the recording file. The recording file supports the following formats:
                <ul>
                    <li>WAV: High audio fidelity, large file size. For example, with a sample rate of 32000 Hz, a 10-minute recording is about 73 MB.</li>
                    <li>AAC: Lower audio fidelity, small file size. For example, with a sample rate of 32000 Hz and recording quality set to <codeph>AUDIO_RECORDING_QUALITY_MEDIUM</codeph>, a 10-minute recording is about 2 MB.</li>
                </ul><ph>When the user leaves the channel, the recording stops automatically.</ph></p>
            <p props="android">After calling this method, you can record audio from users in the channel and obtain the recording file. The recording file supports the following formats only:
                <ul>
                    <li>WAV: High fidelity but large file size. For example, at 32000 Hz, 10 minutes is about 73 MB.</li>
                    <li>AAC: Lower fidelity but smaller file size. For example, at 32000 Hz and <codeph>AUDIO_RECORDING_QUALITY_MEDIUM</codeph>, 10 minutes is about 2 MB.</li>
                </ul><ph>Recording automatically stops when the user leaves the channel.</ph></p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">You must call this method after joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="android">You must call this method after joining the channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>Recording configuration. See <xref keyref="AudioRecordingConfiguration"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>Recording configuration. See <xref keyref="AudioRecordingConfiguration"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="android cpp">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>