<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onuserjoined">
    <title><ph keyref="onUserJoined"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Callback triggered when a remote user or host joins the channel.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Callback triggered when a remote user or broadcaster joins the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onUserJoined"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onUserJoined(uid_t uid, int elapsed)</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onUserJoined(int uid, int elapsed)</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">In a communication channel, this callback indicates that a remote user has joined the channel. When the local user joins the channel, the SDK also triggers this callback to report the users already in the channel.
In a live broadcast channel, this callback indicates that a host has joined the channel. When a host joins, the SDK also triggers this callback to report the hosts already in the channel. Agora recommends limiting the number of co-hosts to 32, with up to 17 video hosts supported.</p>
            <p props="android">In a communication channel, this callback indicates that a remote user has joined the channel. When the local user joins the channel, the SDK also triggers this callback to report users already in the channel. In a live streaming channel, this callback indicates that a broadcaster has joined. Agora recommends limiting the number of co-hosts to 32, with a maximum of 17 video broadcasters.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Trigger Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">The SDK triggers this callback under any of the following conditions:
                <ul>
                    <li>A remote user or host joins the channel.</li>
                    <li>A remote user switches to the host role after joining the channel.</li>
                    <li>A remote user or host rejoins the channel after a network interruption.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">This callback is triggered in any of the following scenarios:
                <ul>
                    <li>A remote user or broadcaster joins the channel.</li>
                    <li>A remote user switches their role to broadcaster after joining the channel.</li>
                    <li>A remote user or broadcaster rejoins the channel after a network interruption.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID of the user who joined the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>elapsed</pt>
                    <pd>The time delay (ms) from the local user calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> to this callback being triggered.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID of the user who joined the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>elapsed</pt>
                    <pd>Delay (in milliseconds) from the local user calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> to this callback being triggered.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>