<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onchannelmediarelaystatechanged">
    <title><ph keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Callback for changes in channel media relay state.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Callback when the state of media relay across channels changes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged(int state, int code)</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged(int state, int code)</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">This callback returns the current state and error code information of the channel media relay.</p>
            <p props="android">This callback returns the error information of the current media relay across channels.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android">
            <title>Trigger Timing</title>
            <p props="android">This callback is triggered when the state of media relay across channels changes.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>state</pt>
                    <pd>State code. See <xref keyref="CHANNEL_MEDIA_RELAY_STATE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>code</pt>
                    <pd>Error code. See <xref keyref="CHANNEL_MEDIA_RELAY_ERROR"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>state</pt>
                    <pd>The state code of the media relay across channels:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_STATE_IDLE</codeph>: The SDK is initializing.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_STATE_CONNECTING</codeph>: The SDK tries to relay the media stream to the target channel.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_STATE_RUNNING</codeph>: The SDK successfully relays the media stream to the target channel.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_STATE_FAILURE</codeph>: An error occurs. See <xref keyref="Code"/>.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>code</pt>
                    <pd>The error code of the media relay across channels:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_OK</codeph>: Everything works fine.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_SERVER_ERROR_RESPONSE</codeph>: Server error response.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_SERVER_NO_RESPONSE</codeph>: No response from the server. This error may be caused by poor network connectivity. If this error occurs when starting media relay, you can try again later; if it occurs during relay, you can call <codeph>leaveChannel</codeph> to leave the channel. This error may also occur if the project has not enabled the media relay service. You can contact technical support to enable it.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_NO_RESOURCE_AVAILABLE</codeph>: The SDK cannot access the service, possibly due to limited server resources.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_FAILED_JOIN_SRC</codeph>: The server fails to send the relay request.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_FAILED_JOIN_DEST</codeph>: The server fails to accept the relay request.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_FAILED_PACKET_RECEIVED_FROM_SRC</codeph>: The server fails to receive the media stream.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_FAILED_PACKET_SENT_TO_DEST</codeph>: The server fails to send the media stream.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_SERVER_CONNECTION_LOST</codeph>: The SDK loses connection with the server due to poor network. You can call <codeph>leaveChannel</codeph> to leave the channel.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_INTERNAL_ERROR</codeph>: Internal server error.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_SRC_TOKEN_EXPIRED</codeph>: The token of the source channel has expired.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RELAY_ERROR_DEST_TOKEN_EXPIRED</codeph>: The token of the destination channel has expired.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>