<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onrhythmplayerstatechanged">
    <title><ph keyref="onRhythmPlayerStateChanged"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Callback triggered when the virtual metronome state changes.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Callback for changes in virtual metronome state.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onRhythmPlayerStateChanged"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onRhythmPlayerStateChanged(RHYTHM_PLAYER_STATE_TYPE state, RHYTHM_PLAYER_REASON reason)</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onRhythmPlayerStateChanged(int state, int reason)</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
                <dlentry props="cpp">
                    <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                    <dd>Deprecated since v4.6.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p props="cpp">This callback reports the current state of the virtual metronome, indicating the status of the local audio stream, and helps you troubleshoot audio issues.</p>
            <p props="android">This callback reports the current state of the virtual metronome, indicating the state of the local audio stream and helping you troubleshoot audio issues.</p>
            <note props="cpp">(Android and iOS only)</note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Trigger Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">Occurs when the virtual metronome state changes.</p>
            <p props="android">This callback is triggered when the state of the virtual metronome changes.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>state</pt>
                    <pd>The current state of the virtual metronome. See <xref keyref="RHYTHM_PLAYER_STATE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>reason</pt>
                    <pd>Error code and message related to the virtual metronome. See <xref keyref="RHYTHM_PLAYER_REASON"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>state</pt>
                    <pd>The current state of the virtual metronome:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>RHYTHM_PLAYER_STATE_IDLE</codeph> (810): The virtual metronome is not enabled or has been disabled.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RHYTHM_PLAYER_STATE_OPENING</codeph> (811): Opening the rhythm file.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RHYTHM_PLAYER_STATE_DECODING</codeph> (812): Decoding the rhythm file.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RHYTHM_PLAYER_STATE_PLAYING</codeph> (813): The rhythm file is playing.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RHYTHM_PLAYER_STATE_FAILED</codeph> (814): Failed to start the virtual metronome. You can use the returned error code to troubleshoot or try restarting the virtual metronome.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>reason</pt>
                    <pd>Error codes and messages for the virtual metronome:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>RHYTHM_PLAYER_REASON_OK</codeph> (0): The rhythm file is playing normally.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RHYTHM_PLAYER_REASON_FAILED</codeph> (1): General error, unspecified reason.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RHYTHM_PLAYER_REASON_CAN_NOT_OPEN</codeph> (801): Error occurred while opening the rhythm file.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RHYTHM_PLAYER_REASON_CAN_NOT_PLAY</codeph> (802): Error occurred while playing the rhythm file.</li>
                            <li><codeph>RHYTHM_PLAYER_REASON_FILE_OVER_DURATION_LIMIT</codeph> (803): The duration of the rhythm audio file exceeds the limit. The maximum is 1.2 seconds.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>