<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onencryptionerror">
    <title><ph keyref="onEncryptionError"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Callback for reporting built-in encryption errors.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Callback for built-in encryption errors.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onEncryptionError"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onEncryptionError(ENCRYPTION_ERROR_TYPE errorType)</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onEncryptionError(int errorType)</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">After calling <xref keyref="enableEncryption"/> to enable encryption, if an error occurs during encryption or decryption on the sender or receiver side, the SDK triggers this callback.</p>
            <p props="android">If an error occurs during encryption or decryption after calling <xref keyref="enableEncryption"/> to enable encryption, the SDK triggers this callback on the sender or receiver side.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android">
            <title>Trigger Timing</title>
            <p props="android">This callback is triggered when an error occurs during encryption or decryption.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>errorType</pt>
                    <pd>The type of error. See <xref keyref="ENCRYPTION_ERROR_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>errorType</pt>
                    <pd>Error type:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>ENCRYPTION_ERROR_INTERNAL_FAILURE</codeph> (0): Internal reason.</li>
                            <li><codeph>ENCRYPTION_ERROR_DECRYPTION_FAILURE</codeph> (1): Media stream decryption error. Ensure the receiver and sender use the same encryption mode and key.</li>
                            <li><codeph>ENCRYPTION_ERROR_ENCRYPTION_FAILURE</codeph> (2): Media stream encryption error.</li>
                            <li><codeph>ENCRYPTION_ERROR_DATASTREAM_DECRYPTION_FAILURE</codeph> (3): Data stream decryption error. Ensure the receiver and sender use the same encryption mode and key.</li>
                            <li><codeph>ENCRYPTION_ERROR_DATASTREAM_ENCRYPTION_FAILURE</codeph> (4): Data stream encryption error.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>