<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onfirstlocalvideoframepublished">
    <title><ph keyref="onFirstLocalVideoFramePublished"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Callback triggered when the first local video frame is published.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Callback for the first local video frame published.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onFirstLocalVideoFramePublished"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onFirstLocalVideoFramePublished(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE source, int elapsed)</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onFirstLocalVideoFramePublished(Constants.VideoSourceType source, int elapsed)</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">The SDK triggers this callback when any of the following conditions are met:
                <ul>
                    <li>The local client enables the video module and successfully joins a channel by calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph>.</li>
                    <li>The local client calls <codeph>muteLocalVideoStream(true)</codeph> followed by <codeph>muteLocalVideoStream(false)</codeph>.</li>
                    <li>The local client calls <xref keyref="disableVideo"/> followed by <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>.</li>
                    <li>The local client successfully pushes video frames to the SDK using <xref keyref="pushVideoFrame_IMediaEngine"/>.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">The SDK triggers this callback when any of the following conditions are met:
                <ul>
                    <li>The local client enables the video module and successfully joins the channel by calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph>.</li>
                    <li>The local client calls <codeph>muteLocalVideoStream(true)</codeph> followed by <codeph>muteLocalVideoStream(false)</codeph>.</li>
                    <li>The local client calls <xref keyref="disableVideo"/> followed by <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>.</li>
                    <li>The local client successfully pushes video frames to the SDK using <codeph>pushExternalVideoFrameById</codeph>.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Trigger Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">Triggered when the first local video frame is published.</p>
            <p props="android">This callback is triggered when the first local video frame is published.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>source</pt>
                    <pd>Video source type. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>elapsed</pt>
                    <pd>Time elapsed (ms) from calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> to this callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>source</pt>
                    <pd>Video source type. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>elapsed</pt>
                    <pd>Time (in milliseconds) from the local user successfully calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> to the triggering of this callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>