<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onconnectionlost">
    <title><ph keyref="onConnectionLost"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp"><xref keyref="onConnectionLost"/> callback. Triggered when the SDK fails to reconnect to the Agora edge server within 10 seconds after the connection is lost.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android"><xref keyref="onConnectionLost"/> callback: Triggered when the SDK fails to reconnect to the Agora edge server within 10 seconds after connection is lost.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onConnectionLost"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onConnectionLost() {}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onConnectionLost() {}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">After calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph>, if the SDK loses connection to the Agora edge server and fails to reconnect within 10 seconds, this callback is triggered. It is triggered regardless of whether the user is in a channel. If reconnection fails within 20 minutes, the SDK stops trying to rejoin the channel.</p>
            <p props="android">Regardless of whether the user is in a channel, this callback is triggered after calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> and the SDK fails to reconnect to the server within 10 seconds after the connection is lost. If the SDK fails to rejoin the channel within 20 minutes after disconnecting from the Agora edge server, it stops trying to reconnect.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Trigger Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">Occurs when the SDK fails to reconnect to the Agora edge server within 10 seconds after the connection is lost.</p>
            <p props="android">This callback is triggered after calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> and the SDK loses connection with the server and fails to reconnect within 10 seconds.</p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>