<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_imediaplayersourceobserver_onplaybufferupdated">
    <title><ph keyref="onPlayBufferUpdated"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Reports the playback duration supported by the buffered data.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android"><xref keyref="onPlayBufferUpdated"/> callback: Reports the duration that buffered data can support playback.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onPlayBufferUpdated"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onPlayBufferUpdated(int64_t playCachedBuffer) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">void onPlayBufferUpdated(long playCachedBuffer)</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="cpp">When playing online media resources, the SDK triggers this callback every two seconds to report the playback duration supported by the current buffered data.
                <ul>
                    <li>When the buffered playback duration is less than the threshold (default is 0), the SDK returns <codeph>PLAYER_EVENT_BUFFER_LOW</codeph> (6).</li>
                    <li>When the buffered playback duration exceeds the threshold (default is 0), the SDK returns <codeph>PLAYER_EVENT_BUFFER_RECOVER</codeph> (7).</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="android">This callback is triggered every two seconds during online media playback.
                <ul>
                    <li>When the duration that buffered data can support playback is less than the threshold (default is 0), the SDK returns <codeph>PLAYER_EVENT_BUFFER_LOW</codeph> (6).</li>
                    <li>When the duration is greater than the threshold (default is 0), the SDK returns <codeph>PLAYER_EVENT_BUFFER_RECOVER</codeph> (7).</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Trigger Timing</title>
            <p props="cpp">When playing online media resources, the SDK triggers this callback every two seconds.</p>
            <p props="android">This callback is triggered every two seconds during online media playback.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>playCachedBuffer</pt>
                    <pd>Playback duration supported by the buffered data, in milliseconds.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>playCachedBuffer</pt>
                    <pd>Duration that buffered data can support playback, in milliseconds.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>