<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_beautyoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="BeautyOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Beauty effect setting parameters.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Beauty effect options settings.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct BeautyOptions {
  LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_LEVEL lighteningContrastLevel;
  float lighteningLevel;
  float smoothnessLevel;
  float rednessLevel;
  float sharpnessLevel;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class BeautyOptions {
  public static final int LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_LOW = 0;
  public static final int LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_NORMAL = 1;
  public static final int LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_HIGH = 2;
  public int lighteningContrastLevel;
  public float lighteningLevel;
  public float smoothnessLevel;
  public float rednessLevel;
  public float sharpnessLevel;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>lighteningContrastLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Contrast level, used with <codeph>lighteningLevel</codeph>. The greater the value, the stronger the contrast. See <xref keyref="LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_LEVEL"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>lighteningLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Whitening level, range [0.0, 1.0]. 0.0 means original brightness. Default is 0.0. The higher the value, the stronger the whitening effect.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>smoothnessLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Smoothing level, range [0.0, 1.0]. 0.0 means original smoothness. Default is 0.0. The higher the value, the stronger the smoothing effect.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>rednessLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Redness level, range [0.0, 1.0]. 0.0 means original redness. Default is 0.0. The higher the value, the stronger the redness effect.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>sharpnessLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Sharpness level, range [0.0, 1.0]. 0.0 means original sharpness. Default is 0.0. The higher the value, the stronger the sharpening effect.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_LOW</pt>
                    <pd>(0): Low contrast for skin brightening.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_NORMAL</pt>
                    <pd>(1): Standard contrast for skin brightening.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_HIGH</pt>
                    <pd>(2): High contrast for skin brightening.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>lighteningContrastLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Used with <codeph>lighteningLevel</codeph> to set the brightness contrast level. The higher the value, the greater the contrast. Optional values:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_LOW</codeph> (0): Low contrast.</li>
                            <li><codeph>LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_NORMAL</codeph> (1): Standard contrast.</li>
                            <li><codeph>LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_HIGH</codeph> (2): High contrast.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>lighteningLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Skin brightening level. Range is [0.0, 1.0], where 0.0 means original brightness. Default is 0.6. The higher the value, the more noticeable the brightening effect.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>smoothnessLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Skin smoothing level. Range is [0.0, 1.0], where 0.0 means original smoothness. Default is 0.5. The higher the value, the stronger the smoothing effect.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>rednessLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Redness level. Range is [0.0, 1.0], where 0.0 means original redness. Default is 0.1. The higher the value, the more noticeable the redness effect.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>sharpnessLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Sharpness level. Range is [0.0, 1.0], where 0.0 means original sharpness. Default is 0.3. The higher the value, the clearer the image.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>