<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_lastmileproberesult">
    <title><ph keyref="LastmileProbeResult"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Represents the result of uplink and downlink Last-mile network probing.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Represents the result of uplink and downlink last-mile network probing.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LastmileProbeResult {
  LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE state;
  LastmileProbeOneWayResult uplinkReport;
  LastmileProbeOneWayResult downlinkReport;
  unsigned int rtt;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class LastmileProbeResult {
  public static class LastmileProbeOneWayResult {
    public int packetLossRate;
    public int jitter;
    public int availableBandwidth;
  }
  public short state;
  public int rtt;
  public LastmileProbeOneWayResult uplinkReport = new LastmileProbeOneWayResult();
  public LastmileProbeOneWayResult downlinkReport = new LastmileProbeOneWayResult();
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>state</pt>
                    <pd>The state of Last-mile network probing. See <xref keyref="LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>uplinkReport</pt>
                    <pd>The result of uplink Last-mile network probing. See <xref keyref="LastmileProbeOneWayResult"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>downlinkReport</pt>
                    <pd>The result of downlink Last-mile network probing. See <xref keyref="LastmileProbeOneWayResult"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>rtt</pt>
                    <pd>Round-trip time (ms).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>state</pt>
                    <pd>The status of the last-mile network probe, including:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_COMPLETE</codeph> (1): Probe completed.</li>
                            <li><codeph>LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_INCOMPLETE_NO_BWE</codeph> (2): Probe incomplete due to lack of bandwidth estimation, possibly due to temporarily limited testing resources.</li>
                            <li><codeph>LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_UNAVAILABLE</codeph> (3): Probe not conducted, possibly due to poor network conditions.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>rtt</pt>
                    <pd>Round-trip time in milliseconds.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>uplinkReport</pt>
                    <pd>Uplink last-mile network probe result. See <xref keyref="LastmileProbeOneWayResult"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>downlinkReport</pt>
                    <pd>Downlink last-mile network probe result. See <xref keyref="LastmileProbeOneWayResult"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>