<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_localtranscoderconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="LocalTranscoderConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure the video mixing feature for the local client.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to configure video composition on the local client.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LocalTranscoderConfiguration {
  unsigned int streamCount;
  TranscodingVideoStream* videoInputStreams;
  VideoEncoderConfiguration videoOutputConfiguration;
  bool syncWithPrimaryCamera;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class LocalTranscoderConfiguration {
  public ArrayList&lt;TranscodingVideoStream&gt; transcodingVideoStreams;
  public boolean syncWithPrimaryCamera;
  public VideoEncoderConfiguration videoOutputConfiguration;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>streamCount</pt>
                    <pd>The number of video streams for local video mixing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>videoInputStreams</pt>
                    <pd>The video streams used for local video mixing. See <xref keyref="TranscodingVideoStream"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>videoOutputConfiguration</pt>
                    <pd>The encoding configuration of the mixed video after mixing. See <xref keyref="VideoEncoderConfiguration"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>syncWithPrimaryCamera</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to use the timestamp of video frames captured by the primary camera as the timestamp of the mixed video.
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (default) Use the timestamp of captured video frames as the timestamp of the mixed video frames.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not use the timestamp of captured video frames as the timestamp of the mixed video; instead, use the timestamp when constructing the mixed video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>transcodingVideoStreams</pt>
                    <pd>Video streams used for local composition. See <xref keyref="TranscodingVideoStream"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>syncWithPrimaryCamera</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to use the timestamp of the video frame captured by the primary camera as the timestamp of the composed video frame.
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (default) use the captured frame timestamp.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: use the timestamp of the composed frame.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>videoOutputConfiguration</pt>
                    <pd>Encoding configuration of the output video stream after local composition. See <xref keyref="VideoEncoderConfiguration"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>