<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_faceshapeareaoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="FaceShapeAreaOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to set beauty enhancement parameters for filter effects.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Sets the face beautification effect area and intensity.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct FaceShapeAreaOptions {
  FACE_SHAPE_AREA shapeArea;
  int shapeIntensity;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class FaceShapeAreaOptions {
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NONE = -1;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_HEADSCALE = 100;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FOREHEAD = 101;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACECONTOUR = 102;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACELENGTH = 103;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACEWIDTH = 104;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEKBONE = 105;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEK = 106;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MANDIBLE = 107;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHIN = 108;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYESCALE = 200;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEDISTANCE = 201;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPOSITION = 202;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYELID = 203;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPUPILS = 204;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEINNERCORNER = 205;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEOUTERCORNER = 206;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSELENGTH = 300;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWIDTH = 301;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWING = 302;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEROOT = 303;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEBRIDGE = 304;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSETIP = 305;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEGENERAL = 306;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSCALE = 400;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHPOSITION = 401;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSMILE = 402;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHLIP = 403;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWPOSITION = 500;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWTHICKNESS = 501;
  public int shapeArea;
  public int shapeIntensity;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="android cpp">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="cpp">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Added since v4.4.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Added since v4.4.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>shapeArea</pt>
                    <pd>Beauty enhancement area. See <xref keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>shapeIntensity</pt>
                    <pd>Enhancement intensity. The definition of intensity differs for different facial areas, such as direction, range, and preset values.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>shapeArea</pt>
                    <pd>Beautification area. Different areas correspond to different facial adjustment effects, such as head scaling, facial feature proportions, etc. Available values include:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NONE</codeph> (-1): Invalid area.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_HEADSCALE</codeph> (100): Head scaling.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FOREHEAD</codeph> (101): Forehead adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACECONTOUR</codeph> (102): Face contour.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACELENGTH</codeph> (103): Face length adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACEWIDTH</codeph> (104): Face width adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEKBONE</codeph> (105): Cheekbone adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEK</codeph> (106): Cheek adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MANDIBLE</codeph> (107): Jaw adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHIN</codeph> (108): Chin adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYESCALE</codeph> (200): Eye size.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEDISTANCE</codeph> (201): Eye distance adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPOSITION</codeph> (202): Vertical eye position.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYELID</codeph> (203): Lower eyelid adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPUPILS</codeph> (204): Pupil size.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEINNERCORNER</codeph> (205): Inner eye corner adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEOUTERCORNER</codeph> (206): Outer eye corner adjustment.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSELENGTH</codeph> (300): Nose length.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWIDTH</codeph> (301): Nose width.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWING</codeph> (302): Nostril size.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEROOT</codeph> (303): Nose root size.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEBRIDGE</codeph> (304): Nose bridge size.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSETIP</codeph> (305): Nose tip size.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEGENERAL</codeph> (306): Overall nose shape.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSCALE</codeph> (400): Mouth size.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHPOSITION</codeph> (401): Mouth position.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSMILE</codeph> (402): Mouth corner curvature.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHLIP</codeph> (403): Lip size.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWPOSITION</codeph> (500): Eyebrow position.</li>
                            <li><codeph>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWTHICKNESS</codeph> (501): Eyebrow thickness.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>shapeIntensity</pt>
                    <pd>Beautification intensity. The intensity definitions for different areas include direction, range, default value, etc.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>