<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_screencaptureparameters">
    <title><ph keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure parameters for screen sharing.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ScreenCaptureParameters {
  bool captureAudio;
  ScreenAudioParameters audioParams;
  VideoDimensions dimensions;
  int frameRate;
  int bitrate;
  bool captureMouseCursor;
  bool windowFocus;
  view_t* excludeWindowList;
  int excludeWindowCount;
  int highLightWidth;
  unsigned int highLightColor;
  bool enableHighLight;
};</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>dimensions</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>When setting encoding resolution in document sharing scenarios, refer to the recommended settings.</note><ph>The encoding resolution of the screen sharing video stream. The default value is 1920 × 1080, which is 2,073,600 pixels. Agora calculates the cost based on this parameter. If the screen size differs from this parameter, the SDK adopts the following encoding strategy. Assuming <codeph>dimensions</codeph> is set to 1920 × 1080:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>If the screen size is smaller than <codeph>dimensions</codeph>, for example, 1000 × 1000 pixels, the SDK uses the screen size (i.e., 1000 × 1000 pixels) for encoding.</li>
                            <li>If the screen size is larger than <codeph>dimensions</codeph>, for example, 2000 × 1500 pixels, the SDK encodes using the maximum value not exceeding <codeph>dimensions</codeph> while maintaining the screen aspect ratio (4:3), which is 1440 × 1080.</li>
                        </ul><ph>See <xref keyref="VideoDimensions"/> for details.</ph></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>frameRate</pt>
                    <pd>On Windows and macOS, it represents the encoding frame rate (fps) of the screen sharing video stream. The default value is 5. Agora does not recommend setting a value higher than 15.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>bitrate</pt>
                    <pd>On Windows and macOS, it represents the encoding bitrate (Kbps) of the screen sharing video stream. The default value is 0, meaning the SDK automatically calculates the bitrate based on the current screen resolution.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>captureMouseCursor</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Due to macOS system limitations, setting to <xref keyref="false"/> is invalid during screen sharing (not affected when sharing a window).</note><ph>Whether to capture the mouse during screen sharing:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (default) Capture the mouse.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not capture the mouse.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>windowFocus</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Due to macOS system limitations, when setting this parameter to bring the window to the foreground, if the current application has multiple windows, only the main window will be brought to the foreground.</note><ph>When calling the <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/> method to share a window, whether to bring the window to the foreground:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Bring the window to the foreground.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (default) Do not bring the window to the foreground.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>excludeWindowList</pt>
                    <pd>List of window IDs to be excluded. When calling <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/> to start screen sharing, use this parameter to exclude specified windows. When calling <xref keyref="updateScreenCaptureParameters"/> to update screen sharing configuration, use this parameter to dynamically exclude specified windows.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>excludeWindowCount</pt>
                    <pd>The number of windows to be excluded.
                        <note>On the Windows platform, the maximum value of this parameter is 24; if it exceeds this value, window exclusion will fail.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>highLightWidth</pt>
                    <pd>(Applicable only to macOS and Windows) The width of the border (pixels). The default value is 5, and the value range is (0, 50].
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when <codeph>highLighted</codeph> is set to <xref keyref="true"/>.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>highLightColor</pt>
                    <pd>(Applicable only to macOS and Windows)
                        <ul>
                            <li>On the Windows platform, the border color is in ARGB format. The default value is 0xFF8CBF26.</li>
                            <li>On macOS, <codeph>COLOR_CLASS</codeph> represents <codeph>NSColor</codeph>.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enableHighLight</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>When sharing part of a window or screen, if this parameter is set to <xref keyref="true"/>, the SDK will display a border around the entire window or screen.</note><ph>(Applicable only to macOS and Windows) Whether to display a border around the shared window or screen:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Display the border.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (default) Do not display the border.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>captureAudio</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Due to system limitations, only Android API level 29 and above (i.e., Android 10 and above) support capturing system audio.</note><ph>Whether to capture system audio during screen sharing:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Capture system audio.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (default) Do not capture system audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>audioParams</pt>
                    <pd>Audio configuration parameters. See <xref keyref="ScreenAudioParameters"/> for details.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when <codeph>captureAudio</codeph> is <xref keyref="true"/>.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>