<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_audiotrackconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="AudioTrackConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure custom audio track parameters.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to configure custom audio tracks.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct AudioTrackConfig {
  bool enableLocalPlayback;
  bool enableAudioProcessing;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class AudioTrackConfig {
  public boolean enableLocalPlayback;
  public boolean enableAudioProcessing;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enableLocalPlayback</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable local audio playback device:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (default) Enable local audio playback.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not enable local audio playback.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enableAudioProcessing</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only in <codeph>AUDIO_TRACK_DIRECT</codeph> mode for custom audio capture.</note><ph>Whether to enable audio processing module:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable audio processing module, applying echo cancellation (AEC), noise suppression (ANS), and automatic gain control (AGC).</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (default) Do not enable audio processing module.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enableLocalPlayback</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable the local audio playback device:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (Default) Enables the local audio playback device.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Does not enable the local audio playback device.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enableAudioProcessing</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>This parameter only takes effect for the <codeph>AUDIO_TRACK_DIRECT</codeph> type in custom audio capture.</note><ph>Whether to enable the audio processing module:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enables the audio processing module, applying echo cancellation (AEC), noise suppression (ANS), and automatic gain control (AGC).</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Does not enable the audio processing module.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>