<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_transcodinguser">
    <title><ph keyref="TranscodingUser"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure the transcoding parameters for each host.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to set transcoding parameters for each host.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct TranscodingUser {
  uid_t uid;
  int x;
  int y;
  int width;
  int height;
  int zOrder;
  double alpha;
  int audioChannel;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class TranscodingUser {
    public int uid;
    public String userId;
    public int x;
    public int y;
    public int width;
    public int height;
    public int zOrder;
    public float alpha;
    public int audioChannel;
  }</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID of the host.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>x</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate (in pixels) of the host's video in the output frame, with the top-left corner as the origin. The range is [0, width], where width is the value set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>y</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate (in pixels) of the host's video in the output frame, with the top-left corner as the origin. The range is [0, height], where height is the value set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>The width (in pixels) of the host's video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>The height (in pixels) of the host's video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>zOrder</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>If the value is less than 0 or greater than 100, the <codeph>ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT</codeph> error is returned.</li>
                                <li>Setting <codeph>zOrder</codeph> to 0 is supported.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note><ph>The layer index of the host's video. The range is [0, 100].</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Default) The host's video is at the bottom layer.</li>
                            <li>100: The host's video is at the top layer.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>alpha</pt>
                    <pd>The transparency of the host's video. The range is [0.0, 1.0].
                        <ul>
                            <li>0.0: Completely transparent.</li>
                            <li>1.0: (Default) Opaque.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>audioChannel</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>If this value is not 0, a special player is required.</note><ph>The audio channel used by the host's audio in the output audio. The default value is 0. The range is [0, 5].</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Recommended) Default setting. Supports up to stereo, depending on the host's upstream audio.</li>
                            <li>1: The host's audio uses the FL channel. If the host sends multiple channels, the Agora server mixes them into mono.</li>
                            <li>2: The host's audio uses the FC channel. If the host sends multiple channels, the Agora server mixes them into mono.</li>
                            <li>3: The host's audio uses the FR channel. If the host sends multiple channels, the Agora server mixes them into mono.</li>
                            <li>4: The host's audio uses the BL channel. If the host sends multiple channels, the Agora server mixes them into mono.</li>
                            <li>5: The host's audio uses the BR channel. If the host sends multiple channels, the Agora server mixes them into mono.</li>
                            <li>0xFF or values greater than 5: The host's audio is muted, and the Agora server removes the audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID of the host.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>x</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate of the host video in the composite layout (origin at top-left, in pixels). Range: [0, width], where width is the canvas width set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>y</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate of the host video in the composite layout (origin at top-left, in pixels). Range: [0, height], where height is the canvas height set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>Width of the host video (in pixels).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>Height of the host video (in pixels).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>zOrder</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>If the value is less than 0 or greater than 100, <codeph>ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT</codeph> is returned.</li>
                                <li>Setting <codeph>zOrder</codeph> to 0 is supported.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note><ph>Z-order index of the host video. Range: [0, 100].</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Default) bottom layer.</li>
                            <li>100: top layer.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>alpha</pt>
                    <pd>Transparency of the host video. Range: [0.0, 1.0].
                        <ul>
                            <li>0.0: Fully transparent.</li>
                            <li>1.0: (Default) Fully opaque.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>audioChannel</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>If this value is not 0, a dedicated player is required for playback.</note><ph>Audio channel of the host in the output audio. Default is 0. Range: [0, 5].</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Recommended) Default setting. Supports up to stereo depending on the host's upstream capability.</li>
                            <li>1: Use FL (Front Left) channel. If the host sends multiple audio streams, Agora mixes them into mono.</li>
                            <li>2: Use FC (Front Center) channel. If the host sends multiple audio streams, Agora mixes them into mono.</li>
                            <li>3: Use FR (Front Right) channel. If the host sends multiple audio streams, Agora mixes them into mono.</li>
                            <li>4: Use BL (Back Left) channel. If the host sends multiple audio streams, Agora mixes them into mono.</li>
                            <li>5: Use BR (Back Right) channel. If the host sends multiple audio streams, Agora mixes them into mono.</li>
                            <li>0xFF or values greater than 5: Mute the host's audio. Agora removes the host's audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>