<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_simulcaststreamconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="SimulcastStreamConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure the low-quality video stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to configure the video low stream in different quality layers.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct SimulcastStreamConfig {
 VideoDimensions dimensions;
 int kBitrate;
 int framerate;
 bool operator==(const SimulcastStreamConfig&amp; rhs) const {
 return dimensions == rhs.dimensions &amp;&amp; kBitrate == rhs.kBitrate &amp;&amp; framerate == rhs.framerate;
 }
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class SimulcastStreamConfig {
 public VideoEncoderConfiguration.VideoDimensions dimensions;
 public int bitrate;
 public int framerate;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="android">
            <p props="android">Used to set encoding parameters including resolution, bitrate, and frame rate.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>dimensions</pt>
                    <pd>Video dimensions. Default is 50% of the high-quality stream. See <xref keyref="VideoDimensions"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kBitrate</pt>
                    <pd>Video bitrate (Kbps). Default is -1. You do not need to set this parameter; the SDK automatically matches the optimal bitrate based on the video resolution and frame rate you set.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>framerate</pt>
                    <pd>Local video frame rate (fps). Default is 5.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>dimensions</pt>
                    <pd>Video resolution. The default value is 50% of the resolution of the high-quality video stream. See VideoDimensions.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>bitrate</pt>
                    <pd>Video bitrate (Kbps). The default value is -1. You do not need to set this parameter manually. The SDK automatically matches the most appropriate bitrate based on the video resolution and frame rate you set.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>framerate</pt>
                    <pd>Frame rate (fps) of the local video. The default value is 5.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>