<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_contentinspectmodule">
    <title><ph keyref="ContentInspectModule"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to set the frequency of local screenshot uploads.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to configure the frequency of local screenshot uploads.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ContentInspectModule {
  CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE type;
  unsigned int interval;
  base::VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION position;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class ContentInspectModule {
    public int type;
    public int interval;
    public Constants.VideoModulePosition position;
  }</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="android">
            <p props="android"><xref keyref="ContentInspectModule"/> is used to configure the function type of the local screenshot upload module and the position of the video observer.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>type</pt>
                    <pd>Type of functional module. See <xref keyref="CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>interval</pt>
                    <pd>Frequency of local screenshot uploads, in seconds. This value must be greater than 0. The default value is 0, which means the SDK does not take screenshots. Agora recommends setting it to 10 seconds, and you can adjust it based on your business needs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Position of the video observer. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>type</pt>
                    <pd>Type of function module:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_INVALID</codeph> (0): (Default) This module has no actual function. Do not set to this value.</li>
                            <li><codeph>CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_SUPERVISE</codeph> (2): Uploads local screenshots via Agora's self-developed extension. The SDK captures and uploads video streams in the channel.</li>
                            <li><codeph>CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_IMAGE_MODERATION</codeph> (3): Uploads local screenshots via an extension from the Agora Extension Marketplace. The SDK uses a video moderation extension from the Agora Extension Marketplace to capture and upload video streams in the channel.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>interval</pt>
                    <pd>Time interval between video screenshots and uploads (in seconds). The value should be greater than 0. The default is 0, which means the SDK does not take screenshots. Agora recommends setting it to 10, but it can be adjusted according to your business needs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Position of the video observer. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>