<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_videodenoiseroptions">
    <title><ph keyref="VideoDenoiserOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure video denoising options.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to set video denoising options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct VideoDenoiserOptions {
  VIDEO_DENOISER_MODE mode;
  VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL level;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class VideoDenoiserOptions {
  public static final int VIDEO_DENOISER_AUTO = 0;
  public static final int VIDEO_DENOISER_MANUAL = 1;
  public static final int VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY = 0;
  public static final int VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_FAST = 1;
  public int denoiserMode;
  public int denoiserLevel;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="android cpp">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="cpp">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Added since v4.0.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Added since v3.6.2.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>mode</pt>
                    <pd>Video denoising mode. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_MODE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>level</pt>
                    <pd>Video denoising level. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>VIDEO_DENOISER_AUTO</pt>
                    <pd><codeph>0</codeph>: (Default) Auto mode. The SDK automatically enables or disables video denoising based on ambient lighting.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>VIDEO_DENOISER_MANUAL</pt>
                    <pd><codeph>1</codeph>: Manual mode. You need to manually enable or disable video denoising.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY</pt>
                    <pd><codeph>0</codeph>: (Default) Denoising mode that improves video quality. Balances performance cost and denoising quality. Moderate performance cost and speed. Best overall video quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_FAST</pt>
                    <pd><codeph>1</codeph>: Denoising mode that prioritizes performance. Reduces performance cost at the expense of denoising quality. Lower performance cost and faster speed. To avoid ghosting (trailing shadows behind moving objects), Agora recommends using this setting when the camera is fixed.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>denoiserMode</pt>
                    <pd>Video denoising mode.
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>VIDEO_DENOISER_AUTO (0)</codeph>: (Default) Auto mode. The SDK automatically enables or disables video denoising based on ambient lighting.</li>
                            <li><codeph>VIDEO_DENOISER_MANUAL (1)</codeph>: Manual mode. You need to manually enable or disable video denoising.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>denoiserLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Video denoising level.
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY (0)</codeph>: (Default) Improves video quality during low-light enhancement. Processes brightness, detail, and noise. Moderate performance cost and speed. Best overall video quality.</li>
                            <li><codeph>VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_FAST (1)</codeph>: Prioritizes performance. Reduces performance cost at the expense of denoising quality. Lower performance cost and faster speed. To avoid ghosting (trailing shadows behind moving objects), Agora recommends using this setting when the camera is fixed.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>