<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_spatialaudioparams">
    <title><ph keyref="SpatialAudioParams"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Configures spatial audio parameters.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to configure spatial audio parameters.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct SpatialAudioParams {
  Optional&lt;double&gt; speaker_azimuth;
  Optional&lt;double&gt; speaker_elevation;
  Optional&lt;double&gt; speaker_distance;
  Optional&lt;int&gt; speaker_orientation;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; enable_blur;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; enable_air_absorb;
  Optional&lt;double&gt; speaker_attenuation;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; enable_doppler;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class SpatialAudioParams {
  public Double speaker_azimuth;
  public Double speaker_elevation;
  public Double speaker_distance;
  public Integer speaker_orientation;
  public Boolean enable_blur;
  public Boolean enable_air_absorb;
  public Double speaker_attenuation;
  public Boolean enable_doppler;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>speaker_azimuth</pt>
                    <pd>The azimuth angle of the remote user or media player relative to the local user, in degrees. The range is [0, 360].
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Default) Front.</li>
                            <li>90: Left.</li>
                            <li>180: Back.</li>
                            <li>270: Right.</li>
                            <li>360: Front.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>speaker_elevation</pt>
                    <pd>The elevation angle of the remote user or media player relative to the local user, in degrees. The range is [-90, 90].
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Default) No rotation on the horizontal plane.</li>
                            <li>-90: Rotated 90 degrees downward.</li>
                            <li>90: Rotated 90 degrees upward.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>speaker_distance</pt>
                    <pd>The distance between the remote user or media player and the local user, in meters. The range is [1, 50]. Default is 1 meter.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>speaker_orientation</pt>
                    <pd>The orientation angle of the remote user or media player relative to the local user, in degrees. The range is [0, 180].
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Default) The sound source faces the listener.</li>
                            <li>180: The sound source faces away from the listener.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enable_blur</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable audio blur processing:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable audio blur.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable audio blur.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enable_air_absorb</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable air absorption effect to simulate the attenuation of sound during air transmission. High-frequency sounds attenuate faster than low-frequency sounds over distance.
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (Default) Enable air absorption. Make sure <codeph>speaker_attenuation</codeph> is not <codeph>0</codeph>, otherwise this setting has no effect.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Disable air absorption.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>speaker_attenuation</pt>
                    <pd>The attenuation coefficient of the remote user or media player's sound. The range is [0, 1].
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: Broadcast mode. Volume and timbre do not attenuate with distance. The local user hears the same volume and timbre regardless of distance.</li>
                            <li>(0, 0.5): Weak attenuation mode. Volume and timbre slightly attenuate during transmission, making the sound propagate farther than in real environments. Requires <codeph>enable_air_absorb</codeph> to be enabled.</li>
                            <li>0.5: (Default) Simulates real-world volume attenuation. Equivalent to not setting <codeph>speaker_attenuation</codeph>.</li>
                            <li>(0.5, 1]: Strong attenuation mode. Volume and timbre attenuate rapidly during transmission. Requires <codeph>enable_air_absorb</codeph> to be enabled.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enable_doppler</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>This parameter applies to scenarios with fast-moving sound sources (e.g., racing games). It is not recommended for typical audio/video interaction scenarios (e.g., voice chat, co-hosting, or online karaoke). After enabling this parameter, it is recommended to call <xref keyref="updatePlayerPositionInfo_ILocalSpatialAudioEngine"/>, <xref keyref="updateSelfPosition_ILocalSpatialAudioEngine"/>, and <xref keyref="updateRemotePosition"/> at fixed intervals (e.g., every 30 ms) to continuously update the relative distance between the sound source and the receiver. The following factors may cause unpredictable Doppler effects or audio jitter: long or irregular update intervals, or distance information loss due to network packet loss or delay.</note><ph>Whether to enable the Doppler effect: When there is relative movement between the sound source and the receiver, the pitch perceived by the receiver changes.</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable Doppler effect.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable Doppler effect.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>speaker_azimuth</pt>
                    <pd>Azimuth of the remote user or media player relative to the local user, in degrees. Range: [0, 360]. Values:
                        <ul>
                            <li>0 (default): Front.</li>
                            <li>90: Left.</li>
                            <li>180: Back.</li>
                            <li>270: Right.</li>
                            <li>360: Front.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>speaker_elevation</pt>
                    <pd>Elevation of the remote user or media player relative to the local user, in degrees. Range: [-90, 90]. Values:
                        <ul>
                            <li>0 (default): No vertical rotation.</li>
                            <li>-90: Rotated 90 degrees downward.</li>
                            <li>90: Rotated 90 degrees upward.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>speaker_distance</pt>
                    <pd>Distance between the remote user or media player and the local user, in meters. Range: [1, 50]. Default is 1 meter.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>speaker_orientation</pt>
                    <pd>Orientation angle of the remote user or media player relative to the local user, in degrees. Range: [0, 180]. Values:
                        <ul>
                            <li>0 (default): Same orientation as the listener.</li>
                            <li>180: Facing the listener.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enable_blur</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable audio blur processing:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable audio blur.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/> (default): Disable audio blur.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enable_air_absorb</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note><codeph>speaker_attenuation</codeph> must not be 0, otherwise this setting will not take effect.</note><ph>Whether to enable air absorption. When enabled, simulates the attenuation of sound waves during propagation in air. High frequencies attenuate faster than low frequencies.</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/> (default): Enable air absorption.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Disable air absorption.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>speaker_attenuation</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Weak and strong attenuation modes require <codeph>enable_air_absorb</codeph> to be enabled.</note><ph>Sound attenuation coefficient of the remote user or media player. Range: [0, 1].</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: Broadcast mode. Volume and quality do not attenuate with distance.</li>
                            <li>(0, 0.5): Weak attenuation. Volume and quality attenuate slightly with distance.</li>
                            <li>0.5 (default): Simulates real-world attenuation. Equivalent to not setting this parameter.</li>
                            <li>(0.5, 1]: Strong attenuation. Volume and quality attenuate rapidly with distance.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enable_doppler</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>This parameter is suitable for scenarios with high-speed moving sound sources (e.g., racing games). Not recommended for general audio/video interaction scenarios (e.g., voice chat, co-hosting, online karaoke).</li>
                                <li>After enabling, Agora recommends you periodically (e.g., every 30 ms) call <xref keyref="updatePlayerPositionInfo"/>, <xref keyref="updateSelfPosition"/>, or <xref keyref="updateRemotePosition"/> to continuously update the relative distance between sound source and receiver.</li>
                                <li>If the update interval is too long, irregular, or distance info is lost due to network packet loss or delay, Doppler effect may behave abnormally or cause audio jitter.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note><ph>Whether to enable Doppler effect. When there is relative motion between the sound source and the receiver, the pitch heard by the receiver changes.</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable Doppler effect.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/> (default): Disable Doppler effect.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>