<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_localaudiostats">
    <title><ph keyref="LocalAudioStats"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Struct for local audio statistics.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android"><xref keyref="LocalAudioStats"/> provides statistics of the local audio.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LocalAudioStats {
  int numChannels;
  int sentSampleRate;
  int sentBitrate;
  int internalCodec;
  unsigned short txPacketLossRate;
  int audioDeviceDelay;
  int audioPlayoutDelay;
  int earMonitorDelay;
  int aecEstimatedDelay;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class LocalAudioStats {
  public int numChannels;
  public int sentSampleRate;
  public int sentBitrate;
  public int internalCodec;
  public int txPacketLossRate;
  public int audioDeviceDelay;
  public int audioPlayoutDelay;
  public int earMonitorDelay;
  public int aecEstimatedDelay;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>numChannels</pt>
                    <pd>Number of audio channels.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>sentSampleRate</pt>
                    <pd>The sample rate (Hz) of the local user's audio stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>sentBitrate</pt>
                    <pd>The average bitrate (Kbps) of the local user's audio stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>internalCodec</pt>
                    <pd>The internal payload codec used.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>txPacketLossRate</pt>
                    <pd>Audio packet loss rate (%) from the local client to the Agora server before applying anti-packet-loss strategies.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>audioDeviceDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Delay (ms) of the audio device module when playing or recording audio.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>audioPlayoutDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Playback delay of the device in milliseconds.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>earMonitorDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Ear monitoring delay in milliseconds, i.e., the delay from microphone input to headphone output.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>aecEstimatedDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Estimated delay (ms) by the Acoustic Echo Cancellation (AEC) module, i.e., the signal delay from local audio playback to local capture.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>numChannels</pt>
                    <pd>Number of audio channels.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>sentSampleRate</pt>
                    <pd>Sample rate (Hz) of the audio stream sent by the local user.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>sentBitrate</pt>
                    <pd>Average bitrate (Kbps) of the audio stream sent by the local user.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>internalCodec</pt>
                    <pd>Payload codec used internally.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>txPacketLossRate</pt>
                    <pd>Audio packet loss rate (%) from the local client to the Agora server before applying anti-packet-loss strategies.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>audioDeviceDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Delay (ms) of the audio device module when playing or capturing audio.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>audioPlayoutDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Delay (ms) in audio playback on the device.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>earMonitorDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Ear monitoring delay in milliseconds, referring to the delay from microphone input to headphone output.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>aecEstimatedDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Estimated delay (ms) by the Acoustic Echo Cancellation (AEC) module, referring to the signal delay from local audio playback to local audio capture.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>