<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_remotevoicepositioninfo">
    <title><ph keyref="RemoteVoicePositionInfo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to set the spatial position information of a remote user or media player.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android"><xref keyref="RemoteVoicePositionInfo"/> represents the spatial position of a remote user or media player.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct RemoteVoicePositionInfo {
  float position[3];
  float forward[3];
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class RemoteVoicePositionInfo {
  public float[] position;
  public float[] forward;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Coordinates in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, with the three values representing the front, right, and up coordinates respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>forward</pt>
                    <pd>Unit vector along the x-axis in the coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, with the three values representing the front, right, and up coordinates respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Coordinates in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, with the three values representing the coordinates in the forward, right, and up directions respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>forward</pt>
                    <pd>Unit vector of the x-axis in the coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, with the three values representing the coordinates in the forward, right, and up directions respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>