<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_musiccontentcenterconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="MusicContentCenterConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure the music content center.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Configures the music content center.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct MusicContentCenterConfiguration {
    const char *appId;
    const char *token;
    int64_t mccUid;
    int32_t maxCacheSize;
    const char* mccDomain;
    IMusicContentCenterEventHandler* eventHandler;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class MusicContentCenterConfiguration {
  public String appId;
  public String token;
  public long mccUid;
  public int maxCacheSize;
  public IMusicContentCenterEventHandler eventHandler;
  public String mccDomain;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>appId</pt>
                    <pd>The App ID of the project that enables the music content center.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>token</pt>
                    <pd>The token used for authentication with the music content center.
                        <note>Agora recommends using AccessToken2 for authentication. See <codeph>Deploy Token Server</codeph>. When generating the token, pass the <codeph>String</codeph> type <codeph>mccUid</codeph> into <codeph>uid</codeph>. When the token is about to expire, you can call <xref keyref="renewToken"/> to pass in a new token.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>mccUid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID used for the music content center. This ID can be the same as the <codeph>uid</codeph> used when joining an RTC channel, but it cannot be 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>maxCacheSize</pt>
                    <pd>The number of music resources that can be cached, with a maximum value of 50.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>eventHandler</pt>
                    <pd>The event handler used to receive callbacks. See <xref keyref="IMusicContentCenterEventHandler"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>appId</pt>
                    <pd>The App ID of the project that enables the music content center.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>token</pt>
                    <pd>The token used for authentication when using the music content center.
                        <note>Agora recommends using AccessToken2 for authentication. See <codeph>Deploying the Token Server</codeph>. When generating the token, pass the <codeph>String</codeph> type <codeph>mccUid</codeph> as the <codeph>uid</codeph> parameter. When the token is about to expire, you can call <xref keyref="renewToken"/> to provide a new token.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>mccUid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID for using the music content center. It can be the same as the <codeph>uid</codeph> used when joining the RTC channel, but it cannot be 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>maxCacheSize</pt>
                    <pd>The number of cached music resources must not exceed 50.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>eventHandler</pt>
                    <pd>The event callback interface. See <xref keyref="IMusicContentCenterEventHandler"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>