<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_audioencodedframeobserverconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure settings for encoded audio observer.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to configure the encoded audio observer.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig {
  AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION postionType;
  AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE encodingType;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig {
  public int postionType;
  public int encodingType;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>postionType</pt>
                    <pd>Audio configuration. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>encodingType</pt>
                    <pd>Audio encoding type. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>postionType</pt>
                    <pd>The capture position of the audio observer:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION_MIC</codeph> (1): Captures only the local user's audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION_PLAYBACK</codeph> (2): Captures only the audio of all remote users.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION_MIXED</codeph> (3): Captures the mixed audio of the local and all remote users.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>encodingType</pt>
                    <pd>Audio encoding type:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_16000_LOW</codeph>: AAC format, 16000 Hz sample rate, low quality. About 1.2 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_16000_MEDIUM</codeph>: AAC format, 16000 Hz sample rate, medium quality. About 2 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_32000_LOW</codeph>: AAC format, 32000 Hz sample rate, low quality. About 1.2 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_32000_MEDIUM</codeph>: AAC format, 32000 Hz sample rate, medium quality. About 2 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_32000_HIGH</codeph>: AAC format, 32000 Hz sample rate, high quality. About 3.5 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_48000_MEDIUM</codeph>: AAC format, 48000 Hz sample rate, medium quality. About 2 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_48000_HIGH</codeph>: AAC format, 48000 Hz sample rate, high quality. About 3.5 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_16000_LOW</codeph>: OPUS format, 16000 Hz sample rate, low quality. About 2 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_16000_MEDIUM</codeph>: OPUS format, 16000 Hz sample rate, medium quality. About 2 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_48000_MEDIUM</codeph>: OPUS format, 48000 Hz sample rate, medium quality. About 2 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_48000_HIGH</codeph>: OPUS format, 48000 Hz sample rate, high quality. About 3.5 MB for 10 minutes of encoded audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>