<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_snapshotconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="SnapshotConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Struct used to configure video screenshots.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to configure snapshot functionality.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct SnapshotConfig {
  const char* filePath;
  media::base::VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION position;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class SnapshotConfig {
  public String filePath = null;
  public Constants.VideoModulePosition position = Constants.VideoModulePosition.VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION_PRE_ENCODER;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>filePath</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Make sure the specified path exists and is writable.</note><ph>Local path of the screenshot (including file extension). For example:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Windows: <xref keyref="imagePath-example"/></li>
                            <li>iOS: <codeph>/App Sandbox/Library/Caches/example.jpg</codeph></li>
                            <li>macOS: <codeph>～/Library/Logs/example.jpg</codeph></li>
                            <li>Android: <codeph>/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;package name&gt;/files/example.jpg</codeph>.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Position of the video frame in the video processing pipeline where the screenshot is taken. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>filePath</pt>
                    <pd>Local path of the snapshot file (including file extension). For example: Android: <codeph>/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;package name&gt;/files/example.jpg</codeph>.
                        <note>Make sure the specified path exists and has write permissions.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>The position of the video frame to snapshot in the video processing pipeline. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>