<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_screencaptureparameters2">
    <title><ph keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure audio and video parameters for screen sharing.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to configure screen sharing functionality.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ScreenCaptureParameters2 {
  bool captureAudio = false;
  ScreenAudioParameters audioParams;
  bool captureVideo = true;
  ScreenVideoParameters videoParams;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class ScreenCaptureParameters {
  public boolean captureAudio = false;
  public VideoCaptureParameters videoCaptureParameters = new VideoCaptureParameters();
  public boolean captureVideo = true;
  public AudioCaptureParameters audioCaptureParameters = new AudioCaptureParameters();
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="android">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Available since v3.7.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>captureAudio</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Due to system limitations, system audio capture is only supported on Android API level 29 and above (i.e., Android 10+). To improve the success rate of capturing system audio during screen sharing, ensure that you call the <xref keyref="setAudioScenario"/> method and set the audio scenario to <codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING</codeph>.</note><ph>Whether to capture system audio during screen sharing:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Capture system audio.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (default) Do not capture system audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>audioParams</pt>
                    <pd>Audio configuration for the screen sharing stream. See <xref keyref="ScreenAudioParameters"/>.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when <codeph>captureAudio</codeph> is <xref keyref="true"/>.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>captureVideo</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Due to system limitations, screen capture is only supported on Android API level 21 and above, i.e., Android 5+.</note><ph>Whether to capture the screen during screen sharing:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (default) Capture screen.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not capture screen.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>videoParams</pt>
                    <pd>Video configuration for the screen sharing stream. See <xref keyref="ScreenVideoParameters"/>.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when <codeph>captureVideo</codeph> is <xref keyref="true"/>.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>captureAudio</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>Due to system limitations, system audio capture is only supported on Android API level 29 and above (Android 10+).</li>
                                <li>To improve the success rate of capturing system audio during screen sharing, make sure to call <xref keyref="setAudioScenario"/> and set the audio scenario to <codeph>AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING</codeph>.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note><ph>Sets whether to capture system audio during screen sharing:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Capture system audio.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Do not capture system audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>videoCaptureParameters</pt>
                    <pd>Video capture parameters for screen sharing video stream. See <xref keyref="ScreenVideoParameters"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>captureVideo</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Due to system limitations, screen capture is only supported on Android API level 21 and above (Android 5+).</note><ph>Sets whether to capture screen content during screen sharing:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (Default) Capture screen.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not capture screen.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>audioCaptureParameters</pt>
                    <pd>Audio capture parameters for screen sharing audio stream. See <xref keyref="ScreenAudioParameters"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>