<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_videosubscriptionoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="VideoSubscriptionOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure video subscription options.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to configure video subscription options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct VideoSubscriptionOptions {
  Optional&lt;VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE&gt; type;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; encodedFrameOnly;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class VideoSubscriptionOptions {
  public enum REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE {
    REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_HIGH,
    REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_LOW
  }
  private REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE streamType;
  private Boolean encodedFrameOnly;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>type</pt>
                    <pd>The type of video stream you want to subscribe to. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE"/>. The default value is <codeph>VIDEO_STREAM_HIGH</codeph>, which subscribes to a high-quality video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>encodedFrameOnly</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to subscribe only to encoded video frames:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Subscribe only to encoded video data (structured data); the SDK does not decode or render raw video data.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (default) Subscribe to both raw and encoded video data.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>streamType</pt>
                    <pd>The type of video stream to subscribe to. Default is <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_HIGH</codeph>, which means subscribing to the high-quality stream. See <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE</codeph>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>encodedFrameOnly</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to subscribe only to encoded video frames:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Subscribe only to encoded video data (structured data). The SDK does not decode or render raw video data.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Subscribe to both raw and encoded video data (default).</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>