<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_channelmediaoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="ChannelMediaOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to set channel media options.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Configures media publishing and subscription options in the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ChannelMediaOptions {
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishCameraTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishSecondaryCameraTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishThirdCameraTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishFourthCameraTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishMicrophoneTrack;
#if defined(__ANDROID__) || (defined(TARGET_OS_IPHONE) &amp;&amp; TARGET_OS_IPHONE) || defined(__OHOS__)
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishScreenCaptureVideo;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishScreenCaptureAudio;
#else
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishScreenTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishSecondaryScreenTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishThirdScreenTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishFourthScreenTrack;
#endif
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishCustomAudioTrack;
  Optional&lt;int&gt; publishCustomAudioTrackId;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishCustomVideoTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishEncodedVideoTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishMediaPlayerAudioTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishMediaPlayerVideoTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishTranscodedVideoTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishMixedAudioTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishLipSyncTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; autoSubscribeAudio;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; autoSubscribeVideo;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; enableAudioRecordingOrPlayout;
  Optional&lt;int&gt; publishMediaPlayerId;
  Optional&lt;CLIENT_ROLE_TYPE&gt; clientRoleType;
  Optional&lt;AUDIENCE_LATENCY_LEVEL_TYPE&gt; audienceLatencyLevel;
  Optional&lt;VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE&gt; defaultVideoStreamType;
  Optional&lt;CHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE&gt; channelProfile;
  Optional&lt;int&gt; audioDelayMs;
  Optional&lt;int&gt; mediaPlayerAudioDelayMs;
  Optional&lt;const char*&gt; token;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; enableBuiltInMediaEncryption;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; publishRhythmPlayerTrack;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; isInteractiveAudience;
  Optional&lt;video_track_id_t&gt; customVideoTrackId;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; isAudioFilterable;
  Optional&lt;const char*&gt; parameters;
  Optional&lt;bool&gt; enableMultipath;
  Optional&lt;MultipathMode&gt; uplinkMultipathMode;
  Optional&lt;MultipathMode&gt; downlinkMultipathMode;
  Optional&lt;MultipathType&gt; preferMultipathType;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class ChannelMediaOptions {
  public Boolean publishCameraTrack;
  public Boolean publishSecondaryCameraTrack;
  public Boolean publishThirdCameraTrack;
  public Boolean publishFourthCameraTrack;
  public Boolean publishMicrophoneTrack;
  public Boolean publishScreenCaptureVideo;
  public Boolean publishScreenCaptureAudio;
  public Boolean publishCustomAudioTrack;
  public Integer publishCustomAudioTrackId;
  public Boolean publishCustomVideoTrack;
  public Boolean publishEncodedVideoTrack;
  public Boolean publishMediaPlayerAudioTrack;
  public Boolean publishMediaPlayerVideoTrack;
  public Boolean publishTranscodedVideoTrack;
  public Boolean publishMixedAudioTrack;
  public Boolean publishLipSyncTrack;
  public Boolean autoSubscribeAudio;
  public Boolean autoSubscribeVideo;
  public Boolean enableAudioRecordingOrPlayout;
  public Integer publishMediaPlayerId;
  public Integer clientRoleType;
  public Integer audienceLatencyLevel;
  public Integer defaultVideoStreamType;
  public Integer channelProfile;
  public Integer audioDelayMs;
  public Integer mediaPlayerAudioDelayMs;
  public String token;
  public Boolean enableBuiltInMediaEncryption;
  public Boolean publishRhythmPlayerTrack;
  public Boolean isInteractiveAudience;
  public Integer customVideoTrackId;
  public Boolean isAudioFilterable;
  public Boolean startPreview;
  public String parameters;
  public Boolean enableMultipath;
  public Integer uplinkMultipathMode;
  public Integer downlinkMultipathMode;
  public Integer preferMultipathType;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="android cpp">
            <p props="cpp">Supports publishing multiple audio streams and one video stream simultaneously in the same <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>. For example, you can set <codeph>publishMicrophoneTrack</codeph>, <codeph>publishCustomAudioTrack</codeph>, and <codeph>publishMediaPlayerAudioTrack</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/> at the same time, but only one of <codeph>publishCameraTrack</codeph>, <codeph>publishScreenCaptureVideo</codeph>, <codeph>publishScreenTrack</codeph>, <codeph>publishCustomVideoTrack</codeph>, or <codeph>publishEncodedVideoTrack</codeph> can be set to <xref keyref="true"/>.</p>
            <p props="android">Supports publishing multiple audio streams and one video stream simultaneously within the same <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>. For example, you can enable <codeph>publishMicrophoneTrack</codeph>, <codeph>publishCustomAudioTrack</codeph>, and <codeph>publishMediaPlayerAudioTrack</codeph> at the same time, but only one of <codeph>publishCameraTrack</codeph>, <codeph>publishScreenCaptureVideo</codeph>, <codeph>publishCustomVideoTrack</codeph>, and <codeph>publishEncodedVideoTrack</codeph> can be set to <xref keyref="true"/>.</p>
            <note props="cpp">We recommend that you set the member parameters according to your business scenario. Otherwise, the SDK automatically assigns values to them.</note>
            <note props="android">It is recommended that you set the values of each member parameter according to your business scenario; otherwise, the SDK will assign default values automatically.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishCameraTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the video captured by the camera:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the camera video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the camera video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishSecondaryCameraTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the video captured by the secondary camera:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the secondary camera video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the secondary camera video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishThirdCameraTrack</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>(Android, Windows, and macOS only)</note><ph>Whether to publish the video captured by the third camera:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the third camera video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the third camera video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishFourthCameraTrack</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>(Android, Windows, and macOS only)</note><ph>Whether to publish the video captured by the fourth camera:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the fourth camera video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the fourth camera video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishMicrophoneTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the audio captured by the microphone:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the microphone audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the microphone audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishScreenCaptureVideo</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>(Android and iOS only)</note><ph>Whether to publish the video captured from the screen:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the screen video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the screen video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishScreenCaptureAudio</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>(Android and iOS only)</note><ph>Whether to publish the audio captured from the screen:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the screen audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the screen audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishScreenTrack</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>(Windows and macOS only)</note><ph>Whether to publish the video captured from the screen:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the screen video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the screen video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishSecondaryScreenTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the video captured from the second screen:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the second screen video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the second screen video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishThirdScreenTrack</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>(Windows and macOS only)</note><ph>Whether to publish the video captured from the third screen:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the third screen video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the third screen video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishFourthScreenTrack</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>(Windows and macOS only)</note><ph>Whether to publish the video captured from the fourth screen:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the fourth screen video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the fourth screen video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishCustomAudioTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the audio from a custom audio source:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the custom audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the custom audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishCustomAudioTrackId</pt>
                    <pd>The ID of the custom audio track to publish. Default is 0. You can get the custom audio track ID by calling <xref keyref="createCustomAudioTrack_IMediaEngine"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishCustomVideoTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the video from a custom video source:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the custom video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the custom video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishEncodedVideoTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the encoded video:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the encoded video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the encoded video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishMediaPlayerAudioTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the audio from the media player:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the media player audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the media player audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishMediaPlayerVideoTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the video from the media player:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the media player video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the media player video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishTranscodedVideoTrack</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Since v4.2.0, the parameter name has been corrected from <codeph>publishTrancodedVideoTrack</codeph> to <codeph>publishTranscodedVideoTrack</codeph>.</note><ph>Whether to publish the local transcoded video:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the local transcoded video.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the local transcoded video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishMixedAudioTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the mixed audio track:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the mixed audio track.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the mixed audio track.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishLipSyncTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the video track processed by voice-driven extension:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the video track processed by voice-driven extension.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the video track processed by voice-driven extension.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>autoSubscribeAudio</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to automatically subscribe to all remote audio streams when joining a channel:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Subscribe to all remote audio streams.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not automatically subscribe to any remote audio streams.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>autoSubscribeVideo</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to automatically subscribe to all remote video streams when joining a channel:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Subscribe to all remote video streams.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not automatically subscribe to any remote video streams.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enableAudioRecordingOrPlayout</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>If you want to publish microphone audio, make sure this parameter is set to <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>.</note><ph>Whether to enable audio recording or playout:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable recording or playout.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not enable recording or playout.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishMediaPlayerId</pt>
                    <pd>The ID of the media player to publish. Default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>clientRoleType</pt>
                    <pd>User role. See <xref keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_TYPE"/>.
                        <note>If the user role is set to audience, you cannot publish audio or video streams in the channel. If you want to publish media streams in a live broadcast, make sure to set the user role to broadcaster.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>audienceLatencyLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Latency level for audience in interactive live streaming. See <xref keyref="AUDIENCE_LATENCY_LEVEL_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>defaultVideoStreamType</pt>
                    <pd>Default video stream type. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>channelProfile</pt>
                    <pd>Channel profile. See <xref keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>audioDelayMs</pt>
                    <pd>Delay in sending audio frames (in ms). You can use this parameter to delay audio frames to ensure audio-video sync. Set to 0 to disable delay.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>mediaPlayerAudioDelayMs</pt>
                    <pd>Delay in sending media player audio frames (in ms). Used to explicitly control audio-video sync. Set to 0 to disable delay.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>token</pt>
                    <pd>(Optional) Token for authentication generated on your server.
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>This parameter takes effect only when calling <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/> or <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptionsEx"/>.</li>
                                <li>Make sure the App ID, channel name, and user name used to generate the token are the same as those used in the <xref keyref="initialize"/>, <codeph>joinChannel</codeph>, and <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/> methods.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enableBuiltInMediaEncryption</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Ignored when calling <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/>.</note><ph>Whether to enable media packet encryption:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Do not enable.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>publishRhythmPlayerTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the metronome sound to remote users:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the processed audio frame. Both local and remote users can hear the metronome.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the metronome sound. Only the local user can hear it.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>isInteractiveAudience</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>This parameter applies only to co-hosted live streaming scenarios. Co-hosts must call <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/> to join another host's channel as an audience and set <codeph>isInteractiveAudience</codeph> to true.</li>
                                <li>This parameter takes effect only when the user role is <codeph>CLIENT_ROLE_AUDIENCE</codeph>.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note><ph>Whether to enable interactive mode:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable interactive mode.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not enable interactive mode.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>customVideoTrackId</pt>
                    <pd>The video track ID returned by calling <xref keyref="createCustomVideoTrack"/>. Default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>isAudioFilterable</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>To enable this feature, contact technical support.</note><ph>Whether to filter the published audio stream based on volume algorithm:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Audio stream is filtered. This setting has no effect if audio stream filtering is not enabled.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Audio stream is not filtered.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>enableMultipath</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Permissions and system requirements:
                            <ul>
                                <li>Android: Android 7.0 or later (API level 24+), requires <codeph>ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE</codeph> and <codeph>CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE</codeph> permissions.</li>
                                <li>iOS: iOS 12.0 or later.</li>
                                <li>macOS: 10.14 or later.</li>
                                <li>Windows: Windows Vista or later.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note><ph>Whether to enable multipath transmission:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable multipath.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Disable multipath.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>uplinkMultipathMode</pt>
                    <pd>Uplink transmission mode. See <xref keyref="MultipathMode"/>.
                        <note>Make sure <codeph>enableMultipath</codeph> is set to true when using this parameter.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>downlinkMultipathMode</pt>
                    <pd>Downlink transmission mode. See <xref keyref="MultipathMode"/>.
                        <note>Make sure <codeph>enableMultipath</codeph> is set to true when using this parameter.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>preferMultipathType</pt>
                    <pd>Preferred path type for transmission. See <xref keyref="MultipathType"/>.
                        <note>Make sure <codeph>enableMultipath</codeph> is set to true when using this parameter.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishCameraTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the video captured by the camera:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the video captured by the camera.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish the video captured by the camera.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishSecondaryCameraTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the second camera video track:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the second camera video track.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Do not publish the second camera video track.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishThirdCameraTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the third camera video:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the third camera video.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish the third camera video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishFourthCameraTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the fourth camera video:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the fourth camera video.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish the fourth camera video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishMicrophoneTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the audio captured by the microphone:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the audio captured by the microphone.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish the audio captured by the microphone.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishScreenCaptureVideo</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Since v4.0.0, the parameter has been renamed from <codeph>publishScreenTrack</codeph> to <codeph>publishScreenCaptureVideo</codeph>.</note><ph>Whether to publish the video captured from the screen:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the screen capture video.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish the screen capture video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishScreenCaptureAudio</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the audio captured from the screen:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the screen capture audio.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish the screen capture audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishCustomAudioTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish audio captured from a custom audio source:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish audio from a custom audio source.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish audio from a custom audio source.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishCustomAudioTrackId</pt>
                    <pd>The ID of the custom audio track to publish. You can obtain this ID via the <xref keyref="createCustomAudioTrack"/> method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishCustomVideoTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the video captured from a custom video source:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish video from a custom video source.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish video from a custom video source.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishEncodedVideoTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the encoded video:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the encoded video.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish the encoded video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishMediaPlayerAudioTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the audio from the media player:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the audio from the media player.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish the audio from the media player.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishMediaPlayerVideoTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the video from the media player:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the video from the media player.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not publish the video from the media player.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishTranscodedVideoTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the locally transcoded video track:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Publish the locally transcoded video track.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Do not publish the locally transcoded video track.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishMixedAudioTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the mixed audio track:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the mixed audio track.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the mixed audio track.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishLipSyncTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the video track processed by voice-driven extension:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the video track processed by voice-driven extension.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the video track processed by voice-driven extension.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>autoSubscribeAudio</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to automatically subscribe to all remote audio streams when a user joins the channel:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Subscribe to all remote audio streams.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not automatically subscribe to any remote audio streams.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>autoSubscribeVideo</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to automatically subscribe to all remote video streams when a user joins the channel:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Subscribe to all remote video streams.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not automatically subscribe to any remote video streams.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enableAudioRecordingOrPlayout</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>To publish audio from the microphone, ensure this parameter is set to <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>.</note><ph>Whether to enable audio recording or playback:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable audio recording or playback.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not enable audio recording or playback.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishMediaPlayerId</pt>
                    <pd>The ID of the media player to publish. Default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>clientRoleType</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>If the user role is set to audience, you cannot publish audio or video streams in the channel. To publish media streams during a live broadcast, ensure the user role is set to broadcaster.</note><ph>User role type:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>CLIENT_ROLE_BROADCASTER (1): Broadcaster.</li>
                            <li>CLIENT_ROLE_AUDIENCE (2): Audience.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>audienceLatencyLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Latency level for audience in interactive live streaming:
                        <ul>
                            <li>AUDIENCE_LATENCY_LEVEL_LOW_LATENCY (1): Low latency.</li>
                            <li>AUDIENCE_LATENCY_LEVEL_ULTRA_LOW_LATENCY (2): Ultra-low latency (default).</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>defaultVideoStreamType</pt>
                    <pd>Default video stream type:
                        <ul>
                            <li>VIDEO_STREAM_HIGH (0): High-quality video stream with high resolution and high bitrate.</li>
                            <li>VIDEO_STREAM_LOW (1): Low-quality video stream with low resolution and low bitrate.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>channelProfile</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Deprecated since v4.x.x. Use CHANNEL_PROFILE_LIVE_BROADCASTING instead.</note><ph>Channel profile:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>CHANNEL_PROFILE_COMMUNICATION (0): Communication profile. Agora recommends using the live broadcast profile for better audio and video experience.</li>
                            <li>CHANNEL_PROFILE_LIVE_BROADCASTING (1): Live broadcast profile (default).</li>
                            <li>CHANNEL_PROFILE_GAME (2): Game profile.</li>
                            <li>CHANNEL_PROFILE_CLOUD_GAMING (3): Interactive profile. This profile is optimized for low latency and suitable for scenarios requiring frequent interaction between users.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>audioDelayMs</pt>
                    <pd>Delay (in milliseconds) for sending audio frames. You can use this parameter to synchronize audio and video. To disable delay, set this value to 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>mediaPlayerAudioDelayMs</pt>
                    <pd>Delay (in milliseconds) for sending media player audio frames, used for explicit audio-video synchronization. To disable delay, set this value to 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>token</pt>
                    <pd>(Optional) The token generated by your server for authentication.
                        <note>This parameter is only effective when calling updateChannelMediaOptions or updateChannelMediaOptionsEx. Ensure that the App ID, channel name, and user name used to generate the token are consistent with those used in create to initialize the RTC engine and in joinChannel and joinChannelEx to join the channel.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enableBuiltInMediaEncryption</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>This setting is ignored when calling updateChannelMediaOptions.</note><ph>Whether to enable media packet encryption:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable media packet encryption.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Do not enable media packet encryption.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>publishRhythmPlayerTrack</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to publish the metronome sound to remote users:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Publish the processed audio frames so both local and remote users can hear the metronome.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not publish the metronome sound; only the local user can hear it.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>isInteractiveAudience</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>This parameter is only applicable in co-hosting scenarios. A co-host must call joinChannelEx to join another host's channel as an audience and set isInteractiveAudience to <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>.
This parameter is only effective when the user role is CLIENT_ROLE_AUDIENCE.</note><ph>Whether to enable interactive mode:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable interactive mode.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not enable interactive mode.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>customVideoTrackId</pt>
                    <pd>The video track ID returned by calling the createCustomVideoTrack method. Default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>isAudioFilterable</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>To enable this feature, contact technical support.</note><ph>Whether the published audio stream is filtered based on volume algorithm:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: The audio stream will be filtered.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: The audio stream will not be filtered.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>startPreview</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to start preview when joining the channel if the canvas is already set:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: (Default) Start preview when joining the channel.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not start preview.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>enableMultipath</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Permissions and system requirements: Android 7.0 or later (API level 24 or higher), requires <codeph>ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE</codeph> and <codeph>CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE</codeph> permissions.</note><ph>Whether to enable multipath transmission:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable multipath transmission.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Disable multipath transmission.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>uplinkMultipathMode</pt>
                    <pd>Uplink transmission mode. See <xref keyref="MultipathMode"/>.
                        <note>To use this parameter, ensure <codeph>enableMultipath</codeph> is set to <xref keyref="true"/>.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>downlinkMultipathMode</pt>
                    <pd>Downlink transmission mode. See <xref keyref="MultipathMode"/>.
                        <note>To use this parameter, ensure <codeph>enableMultipath</codeph> is set to <xref keyref="true"/>.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>preferMultipathType</pt>
                    <pd>Preferred transmission path type. See <xref keyref="MultipathType"/>.
                        <note>To use this parameter, ensure <codeph>enableMultipath</codeph> is set to <xref keyref="true"/>.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>