<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_localaccesspointconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="LocalAccessPointConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Used to configure the local access point.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Used to configure local access points.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LocalAccessPointConfiguration {
  const char** ipList;
  int ipListSize;
  const char** domainList;
  int domainListSize;
  const char* verifyDomainName;
  LOCAL_PROXY_MODE mode;
  AdvancedConfigInfo advancedConfig;
  bool disableAut;
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class LocalAccessPointConfiguration {
  public ArrayList&lt;String&gt; ipList = null;
  public ArrayList&lt;String&gt; domainList = null;
  public String verifyDomainName = null;
  public int mode = Constants.LOCAL_RPOXY_CONNECTIVITY_FIRST;
  public boolean disableAut = true;
  public AdvancedConfigInfo advancedConfig = null;
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ipList</pt>
                    <pd>List of internal IP addresses for the local access point. You must specify at least one in <codeph>ipList</codeph> or <codeph>domainList</codeph>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ipListSize</pt>
                    <pd>Number of internal IP addresses for the local access point. This value must match the number of IP addresses you provide.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>domainList</pt>
                    <pd>List of domain names for the local access point. The SDK resolves the IP addresses of the local access point based on the domain names you provide. DNS resolution timeout is 10 seconds. You must specify at least one in <codeph>ipList</codeph> or <codeph>domainList</codeph>. If both are specified, the SDK merges and deduplicates the resolved and specified IP addresses, then randomly selects one for load balancing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>domainListSize</pt>
                    <pd>Number of domain names for the local access point. This value must match the number of domain names you provide.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>verifyDomainName</pt>
                    <pd>Domain name used for internal certificate verification. If empty, the SDK uses the default domain <codeph>secure-edge.local</codeph> for certificate verification.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>mode</pt>
                    <pd>Connection mode. See <xref keyref="LOCAL_PROXY_MODE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>advancedConfig</pt>
                    <pd>Advanced configuration options for the local access point. See <xref keyref="AdvancedConfigInfo"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>disableAut</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to disable vos-aut:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (default) Disable vos-aut.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not disable vos-aut.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>ipList</pt>
                    <pd>List of internal IP addresses for the local access point. At least one of <codeph>ipList</codeph> or <codeph>domainList</codeph> must be provided.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>domainList</pt>
                    <pd>List of domain names for the local access point. The SDK resolves the IP addresses of the local access point based on the provided domain names, with a resolution timeout of 10 seconds. At least one of <codeph>ipList</codeph> or <codeph>domainList</codeph> must be provided. If both IP addresses and domain names are specified, the SDK merges and deduplicates the resolved and specified IP addresses, then randomly connects to one IP address to achieve load balancing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>verifyDomainName</pt>
                    <pd>Domain name for internal certificate verification. If this value is <codeph>null</codeph>, the SDK uses <codeph>secure-edge.local</codeph> as the default certificate verification domain name.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>mode</pt>
                    <pd>Connection mode:
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>LOCAL_RPOXY_CONNECTIVITY_FIRST</codeph> (0): The SDK first attempts to connect to the specified Agora private media server. If the connection fails, it connects to Agora SD-RTN™.</li>
                            <li><codeph>LOCAL_RPOXY_LOCAL_ONLY</codeph> (1): The SDK connects only to the specified Agora private media server.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>disableAut</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to disable vos-aut:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: (default) Disables vos-aut.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Does not disable vos-aut.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>advancedConfig</pt>
                    <pd>Advanced configuration for the local access point. See <xref keyref="AdvancedConfigInfo"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>