<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_musiccontentcenterstatereason">
    <title><ph keyref="MusicContentCenterStateReason"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Request status codes for the music content center.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kMusicContentCenterReasonOk</pt>
                    <pd>(0): Request succeeded.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kMusicContentCenterReasonError</pt>
                    <pd>(1): General error with no specific reason.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kMusicContentCenterReasonGateway</pt>
                    <pd>(2): Gateway error. Possible reasons include: Token expired, please regenerate it; Token is invalid, make sure you are using an RTM Token; Network error, please check your network connection.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kMusicContentCenterReasonPermissionAndResource</pt>
                    <pd>(3): Permission error or music resource not found. Make sure the music content center feature is enabled for your project. Contact technical support if you need help.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kMusicContentCenterReasonInternalDataParse</pt>
                    <pd>(4): Internal data parsing error. Contact technical support if you need help.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kMusicContentCenterReasonMusicLoading</pt>
                    <pd>(5): Error occurred while loading music resources. Contact technical support if you need help.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kMusicContentCenterReasonMusicDecryption</pt>
                    <pd>(6): Error occurred while decrypting music resources. Contact technical support if you need help.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kMusicContentCenterReasonHttpInternalError</pt>
                    <pd>(7): Internal HTTP error. Please try again later.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>