<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_rtmpstreampublishreason">
    <title><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">The reason for RTMP or RTMPS stream state change.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_OK</pt>
                    <pd>(0): RTMP or RTMPS streaming has not started or has ended.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_INVALID_ARGUMENT</pt>
                    <pd>(1): Invalid parameter. Please check whether the parameter settings are correct.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_ENCRYPTED_STREAM_NOT_ALLOWED</pt>
                    <pd>(2): RTMP or RTMPS stream is encrypted and cannot be published.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT</pt>
                    <pd>(3): RTMP or RTMPS stream connection timed out.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR</pt>
                    <pd>(4): Internal error occurred on the Agora streaming server.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_RTMP_SERVER_ERROR</pt>
                    <pd>(5): CDN server error.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_TOO_OFTEN</pt>
                    <pd>(6): RTMP or RTMPS streaming is too frequent.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_REACH_LIMIT</pt>
                    <pd>(7): The number of URLs published by the broadcaster exceeds 10. Please delete unnecessary URLs before adding new ones.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_NOT_AUTHORIZED</pt>
                    <pd>(8): The broadcaster operated another broadcaster's URL, such as updating or stopping another broadcaster's stream. Please check your application logic.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_STREAM_NOT_FOUND</pt>
                    <pd>(9): The Agora server did not find the corresponding RTMP or RTMPS stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_FORMAT_NOT_SUPPORTED</pt>
                    <pd>(10): The RTMP or RTMPS stream address format is not supported. Please check whether the address format is correct.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_NOT_BROADCASTER</pt>
                    <pd>(11): The user role is not broadcaster and cannot use CDN live streaming. Please check your application logic.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_TRANSCODING_NO_MIX_STREAM</pt>
                    <pd>(13): Called <xref keyref="updateRtmpTranscoding"/> to update transcoding configuration in a non-transcoding streaming scenario. Please check your application logic.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_NET_DOWN</pt>
                    <pd>(14): Network error occurred on the broadcaster side.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_INVALID_APPID</pt>
                    <pd>(15): The App ID is not authorized to use the CDN live streaming feature.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_INVALID_PRIVILEGE</pt>
                    <pd>(16): The project is not authorized to use the streaming service.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RTMP_STREAM_UNPUBLISH_REASON_OK</pt>
                    <pd>(100): Streaming has stopped normally. This value is returned by the SDK after stopping media push.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>