<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_remotevideostate">
    <title><ph keyref="REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Remote video stream states.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_STOPPED</pt>
                    <pd>(0): The remote video is in the initial state. The SDK reports this state when <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_LOCAL_MUTED</codeph>, <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_REMOTE_MUTED</codeph>, or <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_REMOTE_OFFLINE</codeph> occurs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_STARTING</pt>
                    <pd>(1): The first remote video packet has been received.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_DECODING</pt>
                    <pd>(2): The remote video stream is decoded and playing normally. The SDK reports this state when <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_NETWORK_RECOVERY</codeph>, <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_LOCAL_UNMUTED</codeph>, <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_REMOTE_UNMUTED</codeph>, or <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_AUDIO_FALLBACK_RECOVERY</codeph> occurs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_FROZEN</pt>
                    <pd>(3): The remote video is frozen. The SDK reports this state when <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_NETWORK_CONGESTION</codeph> or <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_AUDIO_FALLBACK</codeph> occurs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_FAILED</pt>
                    <pd>(4): Failed to start the remote video. The SDK reports this state when <codeph>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_INTERNAL</codeph> occurs.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>