<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_localaudiostreamreason">
    <title><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">The reason for the change in local audio state.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_OK</pt>
                    <pd>(0): The local audio state is normal.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_FAILURE</pt>
                    <pd>(1): An unknown error occurred in the local audio. It is recommended that the user try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_NO_PERMISSION</pt>
                    <pd>(2): No permission to use the local audio capturing device. It is recommended that the user grant microphone permission.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_BUSY</pt>
                    <pd>(3): (Android and iOS only) The local audio capturing device is occupied. It is recommended that the user check whether another app is using the microphone. Audio capturing will automatically resume about five seconds after the microphone becomes idle, or the user can rejoin the channel after it becomes idle.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_RECORD_FAILURE</pt>
                    <pd>(4): Failed to capture local audio.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_ENCODE_FAILURE</pt>
                    <pd>(5): Failed to encode local audio.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_NO_RECORDING_DEVICE</pt>
                    <pd>(6): (Windows and macOS only) No local audio capturing device detected. It is recommended that the user check in the device control panel whether the microphone is properly connected or functioning.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_NO_PLAYOUT_DEVICE</pt>
                    <pd>(7): (Windows and macOS only) No local audio playback device detected. It is recommended that the user check in the device control panel whether the speaker is properly connected or functioning.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_INTERRUPTED</pt>
                    <pd>(8): (Android and iOS only) Local audio capturing is interrupted by system phone call, smart assistant, or alarm. To continue capturing audio, it is recommended that the user end the related task.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_RECORD_INVALID_ID</pt>
                    <pd>(9): (Windows only) The ID of the local audio capturing device is invalid. It is recommended that the user check whether the audio capturing device ID is correct.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_REASON_PLAYOUT_INVALID_ID</pt>
                    <pd>(10): (Windows only) The ID of the local audio playback device is invalid. It is recommended that the user check whether the audio playback device ID is correct.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>