<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_screenscenariotype">
    <title><ph keyref="SCREEN_SCENARIO_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Screen sharing scenario type.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Screen sharing scenario types.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_DOCUMENT</pt>
                    <pd>(1): Document scenario. Prioritizes screen sharing video quality and reduces latency on the receiving end. Suitable for sharing documents, slides, and spreadsheets.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_GAMING</pt>
                    <pd>(2): Gaming scenario. Prioritizes screen sharing smoothness. Suitable for sharing game screens.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_VIDEO</pt>
                    <pd>(3): Video scenario. Prioritizes screen sharing smoothness. Suitable for sharing movies or live videos.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_RDC</pt>
                    <pd>(4): Remote control scenario. Prioritizes screen sharing video quality and reduces latency on the receiving end. Suitable for sharing desktops of remotely controlled devices.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_DOCUMENT</pt>
                    <pd>(1): Document scenario. Prioritizes screen sharing video quality and reduces video latency on the receiver side. Suitable for sharing documents, slides, and spreadsheets.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_GAMING</pt>
                    <pd>(2): Gaming scenario. Prioritizes screen sharing smoothness. Suitable for sharing games.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_VIDEO</pt>
                    <pd>(3): Video scenario. Prioritizes screen sharing smoothness. Suitable for sharing movies or live video.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>