<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_localvideostreamreason">
    <title><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">The reason for local video state changes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_OK</pt>
                    <pd>(0): Local video status is normal.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_FAILURE</pt>
                    <pd>(1): An unspecified error occurred in the local video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_NO_PERMISSION</pt>
                    <pd>(2): No permission to use the local video capture device. Please prompt the user to grant permission and rejoin the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_BUSY</pt>
                    <pd>(3): The local video capture device is occupied. Please prompt the user to check if the camera is occupied by another application or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CAPTURE_FAILURE</pt>
                    <pd>(4): Local video capture failed. Please prompt the user to check if the video capture device is working properly, if the camera is occupied by another application, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CODEC_NOT_SUPPORT</pt>
                    <pd>(5): Local video encoding failed.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CAPTURE_INBACKGROUND</pt>
                    <pd>(6): (iOS only) The application is in the background. Please prompt the user that the application cannot capture video normally in the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CAPTURE_MULTIPLE_FOREGROUND_APPS</pt>
                    <pd>(7): (iOS only) The current application window is in Slide Over, Split View, or Picture in Picture mode, and the camera is occupied by another application. Please prompt the user that if the camera is occupied by another application in these modes, the application cannot capture video normally.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_NOT_FOUND</pt>
                    <pd>(8): Local video capture device not found. Please prompt the user to check if the camera is properly connected or working properly and rejoin the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_DISCONNECTED</pt>
                    <pd>(9): (macOS and Windows only) The current video capture device has been disconnected (e.g., unplugged).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_INVALID_ID</pt>
                    <pd>(10): (macOS and Windows only) The SDK cannot find the video device in the video device list. Please check if the video device ID is valid.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_INTERRUPT</pt>
                    <pd>(14): (Android only) Video capture is interrupted. Possible reasons include: the camera is occupied by another application; the current application switches to the background. You can use a foreground service notification to inform the operating system to ensure that the application can still capture video after switching to the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_FATAL_ERROR</pt>
                    <pd>(15): (Android only) A fatal error occurred with the video capture device. Please prompt the user to turn off and restart the camera to restore functionality. If the problem persists, check for hardware failures in the camera.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_SYSTEM_PRESSURE</pt>
                    <pd>(101): The current video capture device is unavailable due to excessive system pressure.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_MINIMIZED</pt>
                    <pd>(11): (macOS and Windows only) The shared window is minimized when calling the <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/> method to share a window. The SDK cannot share a minimized window. Please prompt the user to unminimize the window.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_CLOSED</pt>
                    <pd>(12): (macOS and Windows only) The shared window is closed, or the full-screen window exits full-screen mode. After exiting full-screen, remote users will not be able to see the shared window. To avoid remote users seeing a black screen, it is recommended to stop screen sharing immediately. Common scenarios include: the local user closes the shared window; the local user first plays a slideshow in full-screen and then shares the slideshow window, triggering this error code after exiting full-screen; the local user first watches a web video or document in full-screen and then shares its window, triggering this error code after exiting full-screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_OCCLUDED</pt>
                    <pd>(13): (Windows only) The shared window is occluded by other windows, and the SDK will black out the occluded area.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_NOT_SUPPORTED</pt>
                    <pd>(20): Local screen sharing window is not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_FAILURE</pt>
                    <pd>(21): (Windows and Android only) The currently captured window has no data.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_NO_PERMISSION</pt>
                    <pd>(22): (Windows and macOS only) No screen sharing permission.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_AUTO_FALLBACK</pt>
                    <pd>(24): (Windows only) An abnormal error occurred during screen sharing (possibly due to window occlusion failure), resulting in decreased performance, but the screen sharing process itself is not affected.
                        <note>During screen sharing, if occlusion of specific windows fails due to device driver issues, the SDK will report this event and automatically fall back to sharing the entire screen. If your use case requires occluding specific windows to protect privacy, it is recommended to listen for this event and implement additional privacy protection mechanisms when triggered.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_HIDDEN</pt>
                    <pd>(25): (Windows only) The currently shared screen window is hidden and not visible on the current screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_RECOVER_FROM_HIDDEN</pt>
                    <pd>(26): (Windows only) The screen sharing window has recovered from a hidden state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_RECOVER_FROM_MINIMIZED</pt>
                    <pd>(27): (macOS and Windows only) The screen sharing window has recovered from a minimized state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_PAUSED</pt>
                    <pd>(28): (Windows only) Screen sharing is paused. Common scenarios include: the current screen switches to a secure desktop, such as a UAC dialog or Winlogon desktop.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_RESUMED</pt>
                    <pd>(29): (Windows only) Screen sharing has resumed from a paused state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_DISPLAY_DISCONNECTED</pt>
                    <pd>(30): (Windows and macOS only) The display used for screen sharing has been disconnected, and the current screen sharing has been paused. Please prompt the user to restart screen sharing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_STOPPED_BY_USER</pt>
                    <pd>(31): (HarmonyOS only) Screen sharing is stopped by the user.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_INTERRUPTED_BY_OTHER</pt>
                    <pd>(32): (HarmonyOS only) Screen sharing is interrupted by other screen sharing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_STOPPED_BY_CALL</pt>
                    <pd>(33): (HarmonyOS only) Screen sharing is stopped due to a SIM call.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_EXCLUDE_WINDOW_FAILED</pt>
                    <pd>(34): (Windows only) During screen sharing, some windows in the exclude window list failed to be excluded.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>