<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_errorcodetype">
    <title><ph keyref="ERROR_CODE_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Error codes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_OK</pt>
                    <pd>(0): No error.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_FAILED</pt>
                    <pd>(1): General error with unspecified reason. Please retry the method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT</pt>
                    <pd>(2): Invalid parameter. For example, the channel name contains illegal characters. Please reset the parameter.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_NOT_READY</pt>
                    <pd>(3): SDK is not ready. Possible causes include: <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> failed to initialize; the method was called before joining a channel; <xref keyref="rate"/> or <xref keyref="complain"/> was called before leaving the channel; the audio module is disabled; the program is incomplete.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_NOT_SUPPORTED</pt>
                    <pd>(4): <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> does not support the request. Possible causes include: incorrect built-in encryption mode setting, or SDK failed to load the external encryption library. Please check the encryption mode setting or reload the external encryption library.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_REFUSED</pt>
                    <pd>(5): Request was refused. Possible causes include: <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> failed to initialize; the channel name is empty when joining a channel; the channel name is already in use when calling <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/> to join multiple channels.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_BUFFER_TOO_SMALL</pt>
                    <pd>(6): Buffer size is insufficient to store the returned data.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_NOT_INITIALIZED</pt>
                    <pd>(7): Method called before <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> initialization. Please ensure the <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object is initialized before calling this method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_INVALID_STATE</pt>
                    <pd>(8): Invalid state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_NO_PERMISSION</pt>
                    <pd>(9): No access permission. Please check whether the app has obtained audio/video device permissions.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_TIMEDOUT</pt>
                    <pd>(10): Request timed out. Some API calls require the SDK to return the execution result. If no result is returned within 10 seconds, this error is triggered.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_CANCELED</pt>
                    <pd>(11): Request was canceled. This error is for internal use only and is not returned to the app via any method or callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_TOO_OFTEN</pt>
                    <pd>(12): Method called too frequently. This error is for internal use only and is not returned to the app via any method or callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_BIND_SOCKET</pt>
                    <pd>(13): SDK failed to bind network socket. This error is for internal use only and is not returned to the app via any method or callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_NET_DOWN</pt>
                    <pd>(14): Network is unavailable. This error is for internal use only and is not returned to the app via any method or callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_JOIN_CHANNEL_REJECTED</pt>
                    <pd>(17): Join channel request was rejected. Possible causes include: the user is already in a channel; <xref keyref="startEchoTest3"/> was called but <xref keyref="stopEchoTest"/> was not called before attempting to join a channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_LEAVE_CHANNEL_REJECTED</pt>
                    <pd>(18): Failed to leave the channel. Possible causes include: the user already left the channel before calling <codeph>leaveChannel</codeph>; <codeph>leaveChannel</codeph> was called before joining a channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_ALREADY_IN_USE</pt>
                    <pd>(19): Resource is already in use.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_ABORTED</pt>
                    <pd>(20): Request was aborted by the SDK, possibly due to sending requests too frequently.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_INIT_NET_ENGINE</pt>
                    <pd>(21): <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> initialization failed and crashed, possibly due to specific Windows firewall settings.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_RESOURCE_LIMITED</pt>
                    <pd>(22): SDK failed to allocate resources, possibly due to excessive use of system resources by the app or insufficient system resources.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_INVALID_CHANNEL_NAME</pt>
                    <pd>(102): The specified channel name is invalid. Possible cause: incorrect parameter type. Please use a valid channel name to rejoin the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_NO_SERVER_RESOURCES</pt>
                    <pd>(103): Unable to obtain server resources in the specified region. Please try using another region when initializing <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_TOKEN_EXPIRED</pt>
                    <pd>(109): The current Token has expired. Please request a new Token from the server and call the <xref keyref="renewToken"/> method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_INVALID_TOKEN</pt>
                    <pd>(110): Invalid Token. Common causes include:
                        <ul>
                            <li>The App certificate is enabled in the Agora Console, but the code still uses the App ID for authentication. When the App certificate is enabled, the project must use Token authentication.</li>
                            <li>The <codeph>uid</codeph> used to generate the Token is inconsistent with the <codeph>uid</codeph> used to join the channel.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_CONNECTION_INTERRUPTED</pt>
                    <pd>(111): Network connection interrupted. After the connection is established, if the client instance is disconnected from the server for more than 4 seconds, the SDK triggers this callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_CONNECTION_LOST</pt>
                    <pd>(112): Network connection lost. After the connection is interrupted, if the client instance fails to reconnect to the Agora edge server within 10 seconds, this error is triggered.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_NOT_IN_CHANNEL</pt>
                    <pd>(113): The user is not in a channel when calling the <xref keyref="sendStreamMessage"/> method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_SIZE_TOO_LARGE</pt>
                    <pd>(114): The data size exceeds 1 KB when calling the <xref keyref="sendStreamMessage"/> method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_BITRATE_LIMIT</pt>
                    <pd>(115): The data bitrate exceeds 6 KB/s when calling the <xref keyref="sendStreamMessage"/> method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_TOO_MANY_DATA_STREAMS</pt>
                    <pd>(116): More than five data streams were created when calling the <codeph>createDataStream(int* streamId, const DataStreamConfig&amp; config)</codeph> method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_STREAM_MESSAGE_TIMEOUT</pt>
                    <pd>(117): Data stream transmission timed out.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_SET_CLIENT_ROLE_NOT_AUTHORIZED</pt>
                    <pd>(119): Failed to switch roles. Please try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_DECRYPTION_FAILED</pt>
                    <pd>(120): Failed to decrypt media stream. The user may have joined the channel using an incorrect password. Please check the input password or advise the user to rejoin the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_INVALID_USER_ID</pt>
                    <pd>(121): Invalid user ID.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_DATASTREAM_DECRYPTION_FAILED</pt>
                    <pd>(122): Failed to decrypt data stream. The user may have joined the channel using an incorrect password. Please check the input password or advise the user to rejoin the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_CLIENT_IS_BANNED_BY_SERVER</pt>
                    <pd>(123): The user is banned by the server.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_ENCRYPTED_STREAM_NOT_ALLOWED_PUBLISH</pt>
                    <pd>(130): SDK does not support pushing encrypted streams to CDN.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_LOAD_MEDIA_ENGINE</pt>
                    <pd>(1001): Failed to load media engine.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_ADM_GENERAL_ERROR</pt>
                    <pd>(1005): General error occurred (no specific reason). Please check if the audio device is occupied by another app or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_ADM_INIT_PLAYOUT</pt>
                    <pd>(1008): Error occurred while initializing playback device. Please check if the playback device is occupied by another app or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_ADM_START_PLAYOUT</pt>
                    <pd>(1009): Error occurred while starting playback device. Please check the playback device.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_ADM_STOP_PLAYOUT</pt>
                    <pd>(1010): Error occurred while stopping playback device.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_ADM_INIT_RECORDING</pt>
                    <pd>(1011): Error occurred while initializing recording device. Please check the recording device or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_ADM_START_RECORDING</pt>
                    <pd>(1012): Error occurred while starting recording device. Please check the recording device.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_ADM_STOP_RECORDING</pt>
                    <pd>(1013): Error occurred while stopping recording device.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_VDM_CAMERA_NOT_AUTHORIZED</pt>
                    <pd>(1501): Camera access permission not granted. Please check if camera permission has been granted.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_PCMSEND_FORMAT</pt>
                    <pd>(200): Unsupported PCM format.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>ERR_PCMSEND_BUFFEROVERFLOW</pt>
                    <pd>(201): Buffer overflow due to excessive PCM send rate.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>