<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_remoteaudiostatereason">
    <title><ph keyref="REMOTE_AUDIO_STATE_REASON"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Reason for remote audio state change.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_AUDIO_REASON_INTERNAL</pt>
                    <pd>(0): SDK reports this reason when the remote audio state changes.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_AUDIO_REASON_NETWORK_CONGESTION</pt>
                    <pd>(1): Network congestion caused the remote audio state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_AUDIO_REASON_NETWORK_RECOVERY</pt>
                    <pd>(2): Network recovery caused the remote audio state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_AUDIO_REASON_LOCAL_MUTED</pt>
                    <pd>(3): The local user stopped receiving the remote audio stream or disabled the audio module, causing the remote audio state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_AUDIO_REASON_LOCAL_UNMUTED</pt>
                    <pd>(4): The local user resumed receiving the remote audio stream or enabled the audio module, causing the remote audio state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_AUDIO_REASON_REMOTE_MUTED</pt>
                    <pd>(5): The remote user stopped sending the audio stream or disabled the audio module, causing the remote audio state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_AUDIO_REASON_REMOTE_UNMUTED</pt>
                    <pd>(6): The remote user resumed sending the audio stream or enabled the audio module, causing the remote audio state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_AUDIO_REASON_REMOTE_OFFLINE</pt>
                    <pd>(7): The remote user left the channel, causing the remote audio state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_AUDIO_REASON_NO_PACKET_RECEIVE</pt>
                    <pd>(8): The local user did not receive any audio packets from the remote user, causing the remote audio state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_AUDIO_REASON_LOCAL_PLAY_FAILED</pt>
                    <pd>(9): The local user received remote audio packets but failed to play them, causing the remote audio state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>