<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_remotevideostatereason">
    <title><ph keyref="REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Reasons for remote video state changes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_INTERNAL</pt>
                    <pd>(0): The SDK reports this reason when the remote video state changes.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_NETWORK_CONGESTION</pt>
                    <pd>(1): Network congestion caused the remote video state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_NETWORK_RECOVERY</pt>
                    <pd>(2): Network recovery caused the remote video state to change.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_LOCAL_MUTED</pt>
                    <pd>(3): The local user stopped receiving the remote video stream or disabled the video module.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_LOCAL_UNMUTED</pt>
                    <pd>(4): The local user resumed receiving the remote video stream or enabled the video module.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_REMOTE_MUTED</pt>
                    <pd>(5): The remote user stopped sending the video stream or disabled the video module.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_REMOTE_UNMUTED</pt>
                    <pd>(6): The remote user resumed sending the video stream or enabled the video module.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_REMOTE_OFFLINE</pt>
                    <pd>(7): The remote user left the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_AUDIO_FALLBACK</pt>
                    <pd>(8): Due to poor network conditions, the remote audio and video stream degraded to audio-only.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_AUDIO_FALLBACK_RECOVERY</pt>
                    <pd>(9): After network improvement, the remote audio-only stream recovered to audio and video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_SDK_IN_BACKGROUND</pt>
                    <pd>(12): (iOS only) The remote user's app switched to the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>REMOTE_VIDEO_STATE_REASON_CODEC_NOT_SUPPORT</pt>
                    <pd>(13): The local video decoder does not support decoding the remote video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>