<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_faceshapearea">
    <title><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Select specific facial areas to adjust.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="cpp">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="cpp">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Added since v4.4.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NONE</pt>
                    <pd>(-1): Default value, indicates invalid area, beautification effect not applied.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_HEADSCALE</pt>
                    <pd>(100): Head area, used to achieve smaller head effect. Range: [0, 100], default: 50. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FOREHEAD</pt>
                    <pd>(101): Forehead area, used to adjust hairline height. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACECONTOUR</pt>
                    <pd>(102): Face contour area, used to achieve slimming face effect. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACELENGTH</pt>
                    <pd>(103): Face length area, used to elongate the face. Range: [-100, 100], default: 0. Larger absolute values mean more noticeable adjustment. Negative values indicate opposite direction.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACEWIDTH</pt>
                    <pd>(104): Face width area, used to achieve narrower face effect. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEKBONE</pt>
                    <pd>(105): Cheekbone area, used to adjust cheekbone width. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEK</pt>
                    <pd>(106): Cheek area, used to adjust cheek width. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MANDIBLE</pt>
                    <pd>(107): Mandible area, used to adjust jawbone width. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHIN</pt>
                    <pd>(108): Chin area, used to adjust chin length. Range: [-100, 100], default: 0. Larger absolute values mean more noticeable adjustment. Negative values indicate opposite direction.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYESCALE</pt>
                    <pd>(200): Eye area, used to achieve bigger eyes effect. Range: [0, 100], default: 50. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEDISTANCE</pt>
                    <pd>(201): Eye distance area, used to adjust the distance between eyes. Range: [-100, 100], default: 0. Larger absolute values mean more noticeable adjustment. Negative values indicate opposite direction.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPOSITION</pt>
                    <pd>(202): Eye position area, used to adjust overall eye position. Range: [-100, 100], default: 0. Larger absolute values mean more noticeable adjustment. Negative values indicate opposite direction.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_LOWEREYELID</pt>
                    <pd>(203): Lower eyelid area, used to adjust lower eyelid shape. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPUPILS</pt>
                    <pd>(204): Pupil area, used to adjust pupil size. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEINNERCORNER</pt>
                    <pd>(205): Inner eye corner area, used to adjust inner eye corner shape. Range: [-100, 100], default: 0. Larger absolute values mean more noticeable adjustment. Negative values indicate opposite direction.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEOUTERCORNER</pt>
                    <pd>(206): Outer eye corner area, used to adjust outer eye corner shape. Range: [-100, 100], default: 0. Larger absolute values mean more noticeable adjustment. Negative values indicate opposite direction.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSELENGTH</pt>
                    <pd>(300): Nose length area, used to elongate the nose. Range: [-100, 100], default: 0. Larger absolute values mean more noticeable adjustment. Negative values indicate opposite direction.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWIDTH</pt>
                    <pd>(301): Nose width area, used to achieve slimmer nose effect. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable slimming effect.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWING</pt>
                    <pd>(302): Nasal wing area, used to adjust nasal wing width. Range: [0, 100], default: 10. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEROOT</pt>
                    <pd>(303): Nose root area, used to adjust nose root height. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEBRIDGE</pt>
                    <pd>(304): Nose bridge area, used to adjust nose bridge height. Range: [0, 100], default: 50. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSETIP</pt>
                    <pd>(305): Nose tip area, used to adjust nose tip shape. Range: [0, 100], default: 50. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEGENERAL</pt>
                    <pd>(306): Overall nose area, used to uniformly adjust nose shape. Range: [-100, 100], default: 50. Larger absolute values mean more noticeable adjustment. Negative values indicate opposite direction.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSCALE</pt>
                    <pd>(400): Mouth area, used to achieve larger mouth effect. Range: [-100, 100], default: 20. Larger absolute values mean more noticeable adjustment. Negative values indicate opposite direction.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHPOSITION</pt>
                    <pd>(401): Mouth position area, used to adjust overall mouth position. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSMILE</pt>
                    <pd>(402): Mouth smile area, used to adjust the degree of mouth corner lift. Range: [0, 1], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHLIP</pt>
                    <pd>(403): Lip shape area, used to adjust lip shape. Range: [0, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.
                        <note>v.4.6.0.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWPOSITION</pt>
                    <pd>(500): Eyebrow position area, used to adjust overall eyebrow position. Range: [-100, 100], default: 0. Larger absolute values mean more noticeable adjustment. Negative values indicate opposite direction.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWTHICKNESS</pt>
                    <pd>(501): Eyebrow thickness area, used to adjust eyebrow thickness. Range: [-100, 100], default: 0. Higher values mean more noticeable adjustment.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>