<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_rteabrfallbacklayer">
    <title><ph keyref="RteAbrFallbackLayer"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Fallback quality layers for video streams.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="android">Fallback quality layers for video streams.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="android cpp">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="cpp">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Available since v4.4.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry props="android">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>Available since v4.4.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <note props="cpp">
                <ul>
                    <li>To use <codeph>kRteAbrFallbackLayer1</codeph> to <codeph>kRteAbrFallbackLayer6</codeph>, you must contact technical support to enable the ABR feature. Once enabled, you can customize the resolution of each layer and select any layer as the minimum fallback resolution. When network conditions are poor, the SDK dynamically adjusts the resolution within this range, using the selected layer as the lower limit.</li>
                    <li>When customizing resolutions, make sure to sort the video quality layers from highest to lowest resolution. If resolutions are the same, sort by frame rate from high to low.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="android">Notes:
                <ul>
                    <li>To use <codeph>LAYER1</codeph> to <codeph>LAYER6</codeph>, please contact technical support to enable the ABR feature. Once enabled, you can customize the resolution of each layer and select any layer as the lowest resolution for fallback. When network conditions are poor, the SDK dynamically adjusts resolution within this range.</li>
                    <li>When customizing resolutions, ensure video quality layers are ordered from highest to lowest resolution. If resolutions are the same, order by frame rate from high to low.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="android cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kRteAbrFallbackDisabled</pt>
                    <pd>(0): No fallback for audio/video streams, but quality is not guaranteed.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kRteAbrFallbackLow</pt>
                    <pd>(1): (Default) Fallback to the lowest quality video stream. This layer has the lowest resolution.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kRteAbrFallbackAudioOnly</pt>
                    <pd>(2): Prefer receiving the lowest quality video stream; if the network is too poor to display video, fallback to receiving only the subscribed audio stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kRteAbrFallbackLayer1</pt>
                    <pd>(3): Fallback to video quality layer 1, which has slightly lower resolution and bitrate than the highest subscribed video quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kRteAbrFallbackLayer2</pt>
                    <pd>(4): Fallback to video quality layer 2, which has slightly lower resolution than layer 1.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kRteAbrFallbackLayer3</pt>
                    <pd>(5): Fallback to video quality layer 3, which has slightly lower resolution than layer 2.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kRteAbrFallbackLayer4</pt>
                    <pd>(6): Fallback to video quality layer 4, which has slightly lower resolution than layer 3.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kRteAbrFallbackLayer5</pt>
                    <pd>(7): Fallback to video quality layer 5, which has slightly lower resolution than layer 4.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>kRteAbrFallbackLayer6</pt>
                    <pd>(8): Fallback to video quality layer 6, which has slightly lower resolution than layer 5.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>DISABLED</pt>
                    <pd>(0): No fallback processing for audio/video streams, but stream quality is not guaranteed.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>LOW</pt>
                    <pd>(1): (Default) Fallback to low-quality video stream with lowest resolution.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>AUDIO_ONLY</pt>
                    <pd>(2): Prefer receiving low-quality video stream; if video cannot be displayed due to poor network, fallback to receiving only subscribed remote audio stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>LAYER1</pt>
                    <pd>(3): Fallback to video quality layer 1, resolution and bitrate just below the highest subscribed stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>LAYER2</pt>
                    <pd>(4): Fallback to video quality layer 2, resolution just below layer 1.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>LAYER3</pt>
                    <pd>(5): Fallback to video quality layer 3, resolution slightly lower than layer 2.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>LAYER4</pt>
                    <pd>(6): Fallback to video quality layer 4, resolution just below layer 3.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>LAYER5</pt>
                    <pd>(7): Fallback to video quality layer 5, resolution slightly lower than layer 4.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>LAYER6</pt>
                    <pd>(8): Fallback to video quality layer 6, resolution slightly lower than layer 5.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>