<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_channelmediarelayerror">
    <title><ph keyref="CHANNEL_MEDIA_RELAY_ERROR"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="cpp">Error codes during channel media relay.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="cpp">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_OK</pt>
                    <pd>(0): No error.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_SERVER_ERROR_RESPONSE</pt>
                    <pd>(1): Server error response.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_SERVER_NO_RESPONSE</pt>
                    <pd>(2): No server response. This may be caused by poor network connection. If this occurs when starting media relay, try again later; if it occurs during relay, call <codeph>leaveChannel(const LeaveChannelOptions&amp; options)</codeph> to leave the channel. This error may also occur if the project has not enabled media relay service. You can contact technical support to enable it.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_NO_RESOURCE_AVAILABLE</pt>
                    <pd>(3): SDK cannot access the service, possibly due to limited server resources.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_FAILED_JOIN_SRC</pt>
                    <pd>(4): Failed to join the source channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_FAILED_JOIN_DEST</pt>
                    <pd>(5): Failed to join the destination channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_FAILED_PACKET_RECEIVED_FROM_SRC</pt>
                    <pd>(6): Server failed to receive media stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_FAILED_PACKET_SENT_TO_DEST</pt>
                    <pd>(7): Server failed to send media stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_SERVER_CONNECTION_LOST</pt>
                    <pd>(8): SDK lost connection to the server due to poor network. You can call <codeph>leaveChannel(const LeaveChannelOptions&amp; options)</codeph> to leave the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_INTERNAL_ERROR</pt>
                    <pd>(9): Internal server error.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_SRC_TOKEN_EXPIRED</pt>
                    <pd>(10): Source channel token has expired.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp">
                    <pt>RELAY_ERROR_DEST_TOKEN_EXPIRED</pt>
                    <pd>(11): Destination channel token has expired.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>