<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_cameracapturerconfiguration_ng">
    <title><ph keyref="CameraCapturerConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">摄像头采集配置。</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class CameraCapturerConfiguration {
  public enum CAMERA_DIRECTION {
    CAMERA_REAR(0),
    CAMERA_FRONT(1);
  }
  public CAMERA_DIRECTION cameraDirection;
  static public class CaptureFormat {
    public int width;
    public int height;
    public int fps;
  }
  public CaptureFormat captureFormat;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct CameraCapturerConfiguration {
  CAMERA_DIRECTION cameraDirection;
  char deviceId[MAX_DEVICE_ID_LENGTH];
  VideoFormat format;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraCameraCapturerConfiguration: NSObject
@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraCameraDirection cameraDirection;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class CameraCapturerConfiguration
    {
        public CameraCapturerConfiguration()
        {
            cameraDirection = null;
        }

        public CameraCapturerConfiguration(string deviceId, VideoFormat format,
            CAMERA_DIRECTION? cameraDirection = null)
        {
            this.deviceId = deviceId;
            this.format = format;
            this.cameraDirection = cameraDirection;
        }

        public string deviceId { set; get; }
        public VideoFormat format { set; get; }
        public CAMERA_DIRECTION? cameraDirection { set; get; }
    }</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>cameraDirection</pt>
                <pd>
                    <note type="attention" props="cpp unity">该参数仅适用于 Android 和 iOS 平台。</note>摄像头方向设置。<ph props="ios cpp android">详见 <xref keyref="CAMERA_DIRECTION"/>。</ph></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp android unity">
                <pt props="cpp unity">format</pt>
                <pt props="android">captureFormat</pt>
                <pd>详见 <xref keyref="VideoFormat"/>。</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unity">
                <pt>deviceId</pt>
                <pd><note type="attention" props="cpp unity">该参数仅适用于 Windows 平台。</note>播放设备的设备 ID。<ph props="cpp">最大长度为 <xref keyref="MAX_DEVICE_ID_LENGTH_TYPE"/>。</ph></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
