<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_focallengthinfo">
    <title><ph keyref="FocalLengthInfo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">摄像头支持的焦距信息。</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class AgoraFocalLengthInfo {

  public int cameraDirection;

  public int focalLengthType;

  @CalledByNative
  public AgoraFocalLengthInfo(int cameraDirection, int focalLengthType) {
    this.cameraDirection = cameraDirection;
    this.focalLengthType = focalLengthType;
  }

  @Override
  public String toString() {
    return "AgoraFocalLengthInfo{" +
        "cameraDirection=" + cameraDirection +
        ", focalLengthType=" + focalLengthType +
        '}';
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">@interface AgoraFocalLengthInfo : NSObject
@property(assign, nonatomic) int cameraDirection;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraFocalLength focalLengthType;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct FocalLengthInfo {
  int cameraDirection;
  CAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_TYPE focalLengthType;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FFocalLengthInfo {
	GENERATED_BODY()
public:
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = "Agora|FFocalLengthInfo")
	int cameraDirection = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = "Agora|FFocalLengthInfo")
	ECAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_TYPE focalLengthType = ECAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_TYPE::CAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_DEFAULT;
	FFocalLengthInfo(){}
	FFocalLengthInfo(const agora::rtc::FocalLengthInfo &amp; AgoraData){
		cameraDirection = AgoraData.cameraDirection;
		focalLengthType = static_cast&lt;ECAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_TYPE&gt;(AgoraData.focalLengthType);
	}
	agora::rtc::FocalLengthInfo CreateAgoraData() const {
		agora::rtc::FocalLengthInfo AgoraData;
		AgoraData.cameraDirection = cameraDirection;
		AgoraData.focalLengthType = static_cast&lt;agora::rtc::CAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_TYPE&gt;(focalLengthType);
		return AgoraData;
	}
	void FreeAgoraData(agora::rtc::FocalLengthInfo&amp; AgoraData) const {
	}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class FocalLengthInfo
    {
        public int cameraDirection;
        public CAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_TYPE focalLengthType;

        public FocalLengthInfo(int cameraDirection, CAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_TYPE focalLengthType)
        {
            this.cameraDirection = cameraDirection;
            this.focalLengthType = focalLengthType;
        }
        public FocalLengthInfo()
        {
        }

    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class FocalLengthInfo {

  cameraDirection?: number;

  focalLengthType?: CameraFocalLengthType;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">@JsonSerializable(explicitToJson: true, includeIfNull: false)
class FocalLengthInfo {
  const FocalLengthInfo({this.cameraDirection, this.focalLengthType});

  @JsonKey(name: 'cameraDirection')
  final int? cameraDirection;

  @JsonKey(name: 'focalLengthType')
  final CameraFocalLengthType? focalLengthType;

  factory FocalLengthInfo.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$FocalLengthInfoFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$FocalLengthInfoToJson(this);
}</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <note type="attention" props="bp cpp flutter unity unreal">仅适用于 Android 和 iOS。</note>
            <p/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>参数</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="ios">
                <pt props="ios">cameraDirection</pt>
                <pd>摄像头方向。详见 <xref keyref="CAMERA_DIRECTION"/>。</pd>
                <pd props="ios">摄像头方向，详见 <xref keyref="CAMERA_DIRECTION"/>。</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios">
                <pt props="ios">focalLengthType</pt>
                <pd>焦距类型。详见 <xref keyref="CAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_TYPE"/>。</pd>
                <pd props="ios">焦距类型，详见 <xref keyref="CAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_TYPE"/>。</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
