<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_userinfo">
    <title><ph keyref="UserInfo" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">用户的信息。</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class UserInfo {
  public int uid;
  public String userAccount;
  public String customUserInfo;

  public UserInfo() {}
  public UserInfo(int uid, String userAccount) {
  public UserInfo(int uid, String userAccount, String customUserInfo) {
    this.uid = uid;
    this.userAccount = userAccount;
    this.customUserInfo = customUserInfo;
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">
            public struct UserInfo
    {
        public uint uid;
        public string userAccount;
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraUserInfo: NSObject
 @property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger uid;
 @property (copy, nonatomic) NSString * _Nullable userAccount;
 @property(copy, nonatomic) NSString * _Nullable customUserInfo;
 @end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct UserInfo {
  uid_t uid;
  char userAccount[MAX_USER_ACCOUNT_LENGTH];
  char customUserInfo[MAX_CUSTOM_USER_INFO_LENGTH];

  UserInfo() : uid(0) { userAccount[0] = '\0'; customUserInfo[0] = '\0'; }
};</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FUserInfo
{
	GENERATED_BODY()
public:
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|UserInfo&quot;)
	int64 uid = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|UserInfo&quot;)
	FString userAccount = &quot;&quot;;
	FUserInfo(){}
	FUserInfo(const agora::rtc::UserInfo &amp; AgoraData){
		uid = AgoraData.uid;
		userAccount = UTF8_TO_TCHAR(AgoraData.userAccount);
	}
	agora::rtc::UserInfo CreateAgoraData() const {
		agora::rtc::UserInfo AgoraData;
		AgoraData.uid = uid;
		SET_UABT_FSTRING_TO_CHAR_ARRAY(AgoraData.userAccount,this-&gt;userAccount,agora::rtc::MAX_USER_ACCOUNT_LENGTH)
		return AgoraData;
	}
	void FreeAgoraData(agora::rtc::UserInfo &amp; AgoraData) const {
	}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class UserInfo {
  
  uid?: number;
  
  userAccount?: string;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class UserInfo {
  
  uid?: number;
  
  userAccount?: string;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class UserInfo {
  const UserInfo({this.uid, this.userAccount, this.customUserInfo});

  @JsonKey(name: 'uid')
  final int? uid;
  @JsonKey(name: 'userAccount')
  final String? userAccount;
  @JsonKey(name: 'customUserInfo')
  final String? customUserInfo;
  factory UserInfo.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$UserInfoFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$UserInfoToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>用户 ID。</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>userAccount</pt>
                <pd>用户 Account。<ph props="cpp unreal rn unity electron flutter cs">长度限制为<xref keyref="MAX_USER_ACCOUNT_LENGTH_TYPE" />。</ph></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native flutter">
                <pt>customUserInfo</pt>
                <pd>用户广播的自定义信息。</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
