<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_adjustcustomaudioplayoutvolume">
    <title><ph keyref="adjustCustomAudioPlayoutVolume"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Adjusts the playout volume of a custom audio capture track locally.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Adjusts the playback volume of a custom audio capture track locally.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Adjusts the local playback volume of a custom audio track.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Adjusts the playback volume of a custom audio capture track locally.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="adjustCustomAudioPlayoutVolume"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract adjustCustomAudioPlayoutVolume(
    trackId: number,
    volume: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract adjustCustomAudioPlayoutVolume(
    trackId: number,
    volume: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; adjustCustomAudioPlayoutVolume(
      {required int trackId, required int volume});</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int AdjustCustomAudioPlayoutVolume(uint trackId, int volume);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="electron">After calling this method to set the local playout volume of the audio, if you want to readjust the volume, you can call this method again.</p>
            <p props="rn">After calling this method to set the local playback volume of audio, if you want to readjust the volume, you can call this method again.</p>
            <p props="flutter">After calling this method to set the local playback volume of the audio, if you want to adjust the volume again, you can call this method again.</p>
            <p props="unity">After calling this method to set the local playback volume of the audio, if you want to readjust the volume, you can call this method again.</p>
            <note props="electron">Before calling this method, make sure you have already called the <xref keyref="createCustomAudioTrack"/> method to create a custom audio capture track.</note>
            <note props="rn">Before calling this method, make sure you have already called the <xref keyref="createCustomAudioTrack"/> method to create a custom audio capture track.</note>
            <note props="flutter">Before calling this method, make sure you have already called <xref keyref="createCustomAudioTrack"/> to create a custom audio track.</note>
            <note props="unity">Before calling this method, make sure you have already called <xref keyref="createCustomAudioTrack"/> to create a custom audio capture track.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>trackId</pt>
                    <pd>Audio track ID. Set this parameter to the custom audio track ID returned by the <xref keyref="createCustomAudioTrack"/> method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>volume</pt>
                    <pd>Playout volume of the custom captured audio, ranging from [0, 100]. 0 means mute, and 100 means original volume.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>trackId</pt>
                    <pd>Audio track ID. Set this parameter to the custom audio track ID returned by the <xref keyref="createCustomAudioTrack"/> method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>volume</pt>
                    <pd>Playback volume of the custom captured audio, ranging from [0, 100]. 0 means mute, 100 means original volume.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>trackId</pt>
                    <pd>Audio track ID. Set this parameter to the custom audio track ID returned by the <xref keyref="createCustomAudioTrack"/> method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>volume</pt>
                    <pd>Playback volume of the custom audio capture. Range: [0,100]. 0 means mute, 100 means original volume.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>trackId</pt>
                    <pd>Audio track ID. Set this parameter to the custom audio track ID returned by the <xref keyref="createCustomAudioTrack"/> method.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>volume</pt>
                    <pd>Playback volume of the custom captured audio, ranging from [0,100]. 0 means mute, 100 means original volume.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call was successful.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call failed. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                <ul>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Method call failed. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>