<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_iscameratorchsupported">
    <title><ph keyref="isCameraTorchSupported"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Checks whether the device supports keeping the flashlight on.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Checks whether the device supports keeping the flashlight on.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Checks whether the device supports torch mode.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="isCameraTorchSupported"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract isCameraTorchSupported(): boolean;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;bool&gt; isCameraTorchSupported();</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract bool IsCameraTorchSupported();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <note props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>You must call this method after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LocalVideoStreamStateCapturing</codeph> (1).</li>
                    <li>In general, the app uses the front camera by default. If the front camera does not support keeping the flashlight on, this method returns <codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>. To check whether the rear camera supports this feature, use <xref keyref="switchCamera"/> to switch the camera first, then call this method.</li>
                    <li>On iPads with system version 15, even if <xref keyref="isCameraTorchSupported"/> returns <xref keyref="true"/>, due to system limitations, you may still fail to turn on the flashlight using <xref keyref="setCameraTorchOn"/>.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="flutter">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method is only applicable to Android and iOS.</li>
                    <li>You must call this method after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and the local video state returns <codeph>localVideoStreamStateCapturing</codeph> (1).</li>
                    <li>Typically, the app enables the front camera by default. If your front camera does not support keeping the flashlight on, this method returns <codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>. If you want to check whether the rear camera supports keeping the flashlight on, you need to call <xref keyref="switchCamera"/> to switch the camera before using this method.</li>
                    <li>On iPads with system version 15, even if <xref keyref="isCameraTorchSupported"/> returns <xref keyref="true"/>, due to system issues, you may still fail to turn on the flashlight using <xref keyref="setCameraTorchOn"/>.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method is only applicable to Android and iOS.</li>
                    <li>You must call this method after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and the local video state returns <codeph>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING</codeph> (1).</li>
                    <li>Generally, the app uses the front camera by default. If the front camera does not support torch mode, calling this method will return <codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>. To check whether the rear camera supports torch mode, switch the camera using <xref keyref="switchCamera"/> before calling this method.</li>
                    <li>On iPads with system version 15, even if <xref keyref="isCameraTorchSupported"/> returns <xref keyref="true"/>, due to system issues, you may still fail to enable the torch using <xref keyref="setCameraTorchOn"/>.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The device supports keeping the flashlight on.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="false"/>: The device does not support keeping the flashlight on.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">
                <ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The device supports keeping the flashlight on.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="false"/>: The device does not support keeping the flashlight on.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The device supports torch mode.</li>
                    <li><xref keyref="false"/>: The device does not support torch mode.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>