<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_createdatastream1">
    <title><ph keyref="createDataStream1"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Creates a data stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="createDataStream1"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int CreateDataStream(ref int streamId, bool reliable, bool ordered);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="unity">You can call this method to create a data stream and improve the reliability and ordering of data transmission.</p>
            <note props="unity">If you need a more comprehensive low-latency, high-concurrency, and scalable real-time messaging and state synchronization solution, we recommend using [Real-time Messaging](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/rtm2/unity/landing-page).
During the lifecycle of <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>, each user can create up to 5 data streams. Data streams are destroyed when leaving the channel and must be recreated if needed.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="unity">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="unity">This method can be called before or after joining the channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details" props="unity">
            <title>Related Callbacks</title>
            <p props="unity">After setting <codeph>reliable</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/>, if the receiver does not receive the data sent by the sender within 5 seconds, the <xref keyref="onStreamMessageError"/> callback is triggered with the corresponding error information.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>streamId</pt>
                    <pd>An output parameter. ID of the created data stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>reliable</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Make sure to set both <codeph>reliable</codeph> and <codeph>ordered</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/> or both to <xref keyref="false"/>.</note><ph>Whether to ensure data reliability, i.e., whether the receiver must receive the data within 5 seconds after it is sent:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The receiver will receive the data within 5 seconds, otherwise the <xref keyref="onStreamMessageError"/> callback is triggered with the corresponding error information.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: The receiver is not guaranteed to receive the data, and no error is reported even if the data is lost.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>ordered</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to ensure data ordering, i.e., whether the receiver must receive data in the order sent:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: The receiver receives data packets in the order sent by the sender.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: The receiver is not guaranteed to receive data packets in the order sent by the sender.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Data stream created successfully.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>