<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startscreencapturebyscreenrect">
    <title><ph keyref="startScreenCaptureByScreenRect"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Starts capturing the video stream of a specified screen region.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Starts capturing the video stream of a specified screen region.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Starts capturing the video stream of a specified screen region.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startScreenCaptureByScreenRect"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startScreenCaptureByScreenRect(
    screenRect: Rectangle,
    regionRect: Rectangle,
    captureParams: ScreenCaptureParameters
  ): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startScreenCaptureByScreenRect(
    {required Rectangle screenRect,
    required Rectangle regionRect,
    required ScreenCaptureParameters captureParams});</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartScreenCaptureByScreenRect(Rectangle screenRect, Rectangle regionRect,
            ScreenCaptureParameters captureParams);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
                <dlentry props="electron">
                    <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                    <dd>Deprecated: This method is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/> instead. If you need to share the screen when an external display is connected, it is strongly recommended to use <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry props="flutter">
                    <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                    <dd>Deprecated: This method is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/> instead. If you need to enable screen sharing with external displays, it is strongly recommended to use <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry props="unity">
                    <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                    <dd>Deprecated: This method is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/> instead. If you need to enable screen sharing when an external display is connected, it is strongly recommended to use <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p props="electron">Shares a screen or a portion of the screen. You need to specify the screen region to be shared in this method.
This method can be called either before or after joining a channel. The differences are as follows:
                <ul>
                    <li>If you call this method before joining a channel, then call <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/> to join the channel and set <codeph>publishScreenTrack</codeph> or <codeph>publishSecondaryScreenTrack</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/>, screen sharing starts.</li>
                    <li>If you call this method after joining a channel, then call <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/> to update the channel media options and set <codeph>publishScreenTrack</codeph> or <codeph>publishSecondaryScreenTrack</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/>, screen sharing starts.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">Shares a screen or a specific region of the screen. You need to specify the screen region to be shared in this method.
This method can be called before or after joining a channel, with the following differences:
                <ul>
                    <li>If you call this method before joining a channel, then call <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/> to join the channel and set <codeph>publishScreenTrack</codeph> or <codeph>publishSecondaryScreenTrack</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/>, screen sharing will start.</li>
                    <li>If you call this method after joining a channel, then call <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/> to update the channel media options and set <codeph>publishScreenTrack</codeph> or <codeph>publishSecondaryScreenTrack</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/>, screen sharing will start.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="unity">Shares a screen or a region of the screen. You need to specify the screen region to share in this method.
This method can be called before or after joining a channel, with the following differences:
                <ul>
                    <li>If you call this method before joining the channel, then call <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/> and set <codeph>publishScreenTrack</codeph> or <codeph>publishSecondaryScreenTrack</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/>, screen sharing starts.</li>
                    <li>If you call this method after joining the channel, then call <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/> and set <codeph>publishScreenTrack</codeph> or <codeph>publishSecondaryScreenTrack</codeph> to <xref keyref="true"/>, screen sharing starts.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <note props="electron">This method is only applicable to Windows platform.</note>
            <note props="flutter">This method is only applicable to Windows.</note>
            <note props="unity">This method applies to Windows only.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>screenRect</pt>
                    <pd>Specifies the position of the screen to be shared relative to the virtual screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>regionRect</pt>
                    <pd>Specifies the position of the region to be shared relative to the entire screen. If not specified, the entire screen is shared. See <xref keyref="Rectangle"/>. If the shared region exceeds the screen boundaries, only the content within the screen is shared; if width or height is set to 0, the entire screen is shared.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>captureParams</pt>
                    <pd>Encoding configuration parameters for screen sharing. The default resolution is 1920 x 1080, i.e., 2,073,600 pixels. This pixel count is used for billing purposes. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>screenRect</pt>
                    <pd>Specifies the position of the screen to be shared relative to the virtual screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>regionRect</pt>
                    <pd>Specifies the position of the region to be shared relative to the entire screen. If not set, the entire screen is shared. See <xref keyref="Rectangle"/>. If the specified region exceeds the screen boundary, only the content within the screen is shared. If width or height is set to 0, the entire screen is shared.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>captureParams</pt>
                    <pd>Configuration parameters for screen sharing encoding. The default resolution is 1920 x 1080, i.e., 2,073,600 pixels. This pixel count is used for billing. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>screenRect</pt>
                    <pd>Specifies the position of the screen to be shared relative to the virtual screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>regionRect</pt>
                    <pd>(Optional) Specifies the region to be shared relative to the entire screen. If not set, the entire screen is shared. See <xref keyref="Rectangle"/>. If the specified region exceeds the screen boundaries, only the content within the screen is shared. If width or height is set to 0, the entire screen is shared.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>captureParams</pt>
                    <pd>Configuration of encoding parameters for screen sharing. The default resolution is 1920 x 1080, i.e., 2,073,600 pixels. This pixel count is used for billing. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid parameter.</li>
                            <li>-8: Invalid screen sharing state. This may occur if you are already sharing another screen or window. Try calling <xref keyref="stopScreenCapture"/> to stop the current sharing, then restart screen sharing.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid parameters.</li>
                            <li>-8: Invalid screen sharing state. You may already be sharing another screen or window. Try calling <xref keyref="stopScreenCapture"/> to stop the current sharing before starting again.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>