<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_resumeallchannelmediarelay">
    <title><ph keyref="resumeAllChannelMediaRelay"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Resumes media stream forwarding to all destination channels.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Resumes media stream forwarding to all destination channels.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Resumes media stream relay to all destination channels.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Resumes media stream forwarding to all destination channels.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="resumeAllChannelMediaRelay"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract resumeAllChannelMediaRelay(): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract resumeAllChannelMediaRelay(): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; resumeAllChannelMediaRelay();</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int ResumeAllChannelMediaRelay();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="electron">After calling the <xref keyref="pauseAllChannelMediaRelay"/> method, if you need to resume forwarding media streams to all destination channels, you can call this method.</p>
            <p props="rn">After calling the <xref keyref="pauseAllChannelMediaRelay"/> method, you can call this method to resume media stream forwarding to all destination channels.</p>
            <p props="flutter">After calling the <xref keyref="pauseAllChannelMediaRelay"/> method, if you need to resume media stream relay to all destination channels, you can call this method.</p>
            <p props="unity">After calling the <xref keyref="pauseAllChannelMediaRelay"/> method, if you need to resume forwarding to all destination channels, you can call this method.</p>
            <note props="electron">You must call this method after <xref keyref="pauseAllChannelMediaRelay"/>.</note>
            <note props="rn">You must call this method after <xref keyref="pauseAllChannelMediaRelay"/>.</note>
            <note props="flutter">This method must be called after <xref keyref="pauseAllChannelMediaRelay"/>.</note>
            <note props="unity">You must call this method after <xref keyref="pauseAllChannelMediaRelay"/>.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call was successful.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call failed. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-5: This method call was rejected. There is no paused cross-channel media stream forwarding.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call was successful.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call failed. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-5: This method call was rejected. No paused cross-channel media stream forwarding exists.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                <ul>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Method call failed. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-5: This method call was rejected. There is no paused cross-channel media stream relay.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-5: This method call was rejected. No cross-channel media stream forwarding is currently paused.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>