<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_stopscreencapture2">
    <title><ph keyref="stopScreenCapture2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Stops screen capture for the specified video source.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Stops screen capture for the specified video source.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Stops screen capture for the specified video source.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="stopScreenCapture2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract stopScreenCaptureBySourceType(sourceType: VideoSourceType): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; stopScreenCaptureBySourceType(VideoSourceType sourceType);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StopScreenCapture(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <note props="flutter">This method is only applicable to macOS and Windows.</note>
            <note props="unity">This method is only applicable to macOS and Windows platforms.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>If you call <codeph>startScreenCaptureBySourceType</codeph> to start one or more screen captures, you need to call this method to stop screen capture and specify the screen via the <codeph>sourceType</codeph> parameter.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="electron">You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="flutter">This method can be called before or after joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="unity">This method can be called before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>sourceType</pt>
                    <pd>The type of the video source. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>sourceType</pt>
                    <pd>The type of video source. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>sourceType</pt>
                    <pd>The type of video source. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>