<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setcamerastabilizationmode">
    <title><ph keyref="setCameraStabilizationMode"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Sets the camera stabilization mode.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Sets the camera stabilization mode.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Sets the camera stabilization mode.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setCameraStabilizationMode"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setCameraStabilizationMode(mode: CameraStabilizationMode): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setCameraStabilizationMode(CameraStabilizationMode mode);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetCameraStabilizationMode(CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE mode);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="rn">Camera stabilization is disabled by default. You need to call this method to enable and set an appropriate stabilization mode.</p>
            <p props="flutter">Camera stabilization mode is disabled by default. You need to call this method to enable it and set the appropriate stabilization mode.</p>
            <p props="unity">Camera stabilization is disabled by default. You need to call this method to enable it and set the appropriate stabilization mode.</p>
            <note props="rn">This method is for iOS only.
                <ul>
                    <li>Camera stabilization only takes effect when the video resolution is greater than 1280 × 720.</li>
                    <li>The higher the stabilization level, the smaller the camera's field of view and the greater the camera delay. To ensure user experience, we recommend setting the <codeph>mode</codeph> parameter to <codeph>CameraStabilizationModeLevel1</codeph>.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="flutter">This method is for iOS only.
                <ul>
                    <li>Camera stabilization only takes effect when the video resolution is greater than 1280 × 720.</li>
                    <li>The higher the stabilization level, the narrower the camera's field of view and the greater the camera delay. To ensure user experience, it is recommended to set the <codeph>mode</codeph> parameter to <codeph>cameraStabilizationModeLevel1</codeph>.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="unity">This method is only applicable to iOS.
                <ul>
                    <li>Camera stabilization only works when the video resolution is higher than 1280 × 720.</li>
                    <li>The higher the stabilization level, the narrower the camera's field of view and the greater the camera delay. To ensure user experience, it is recommended to set the <codeph>mode</codeph> parameter to <codeph>CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE_LEVEL_1</codeph>.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>In scenarios such as mobile shooting, low-light environments, or handheld shooting, you can set the camera stabilization mode to reduce the impact of camera shake and obtain more stable and clearer images.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="rn">You must call this method after the camera is successfully started, that is, after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LocalVideoStreamStateCapturing</codeph> (1).</p>
            <p props="flutter">This method must be called after the camera is successfully started, i.e., after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>localVideoStreamStateCapturing</codeph> (1).</p>
            <p props="unity">This method must be called after the camera is successfully started, i.e., after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING</codeph> (1).</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>mode</pt>
                    <pd>Camera stabilization mode. See <xref keyref="CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>mode</pt>
                    <pd>Camera stabilization mode. See <xref keyref="CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>mode</pt>
                    <pd>Camera stabilization mode. See <xref keyref="CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>