<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startaudiorecording1">
    <title><ph keyref="startAudioRecording1"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Starts client-side audio recording.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startAudioRecording1"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartAudioRecording(string filePath, AUDIO_RECORDING_QUALITY_TYPE quality);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="unity">The SDK supports client-side recording during a call. This method records audio from all users in the channel and generates a recording file that includes all voices. The recording file supports the following formats only:
                <ul>
                    <li><codeph>.wav</codeph>: Large file size, high audio fidelity.</li>
                    <li><codeph>.aac</codeph>: Smaller file size, some loss in audio fidelity.</li>
                </ul><ph>Ensure the specified directory exists and is writable. This method must be called after <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/>. If you are still recording when calling <xref keyref="leaveChannel2"/>, the recording will automatically stop.</ph></p>
            <note props="unity">When calling this method, the default recording sample rate is 32 kHz and cannot be modified.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>filePath</pt>
                    <pd>The absolute path where the recording file is saved locally, including file name and format. For example: <codeph>C:\music\audio.aac</codeph>.
                        <note>Ensure the specified path exists and is writable.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>quality</pt>
                    <pd>Recording quality. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_RECORDING_QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>