<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_iaudiodevicemanager_setplaybackdevice">
    <title><ph keyref="setPlaybackDevice"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Specifies the playback device.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Specifies the playback device.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Specifies the playback device.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setPlaybackDevice"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setPlaybackDevice(deviceId: string): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setPlaybackDevice(String deviceId);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetPlaybackDevice(string deviceId);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="electron">This method changes the current audio route but does not change the system default audio route. For example, if the system default audio route is Speaker 1, and you call this method before joining a channel to set the current audio route to Speaker 2, the SDK will test Speaker 2 during device testing. After testing, when you join the channel, the SDK will still use the system default audio route, i.e., Speaker 1.</p>
            <p props="flutter">This method changes the current audio route but does not change the system default audio route. For example, if the system default audio route is Speaker 1, and you call this method to set the current audio route to Speaker 2 before joining a channel, the SDK will test Speaker 2 during device testing. After testing, when you join the channel, the SDK will still use the system default audio route, i.e., Speaker 1.</p>
            <p props="unity">This method changes the current audio route but does not change the system default audio route. For example, if the system default audio route is Speaker 1, and you call this method before joining a channel to set the audio route to Speaker 2, the SDK performs device testing on Speaker 2. After testing, when you join a channel, the SDK still uses the system default audio route, which is Speaker 1.</p>
            <note props="flutter">This method is applicable to Windows and macOS only.</note>
            <note props="unity">This method applies to Windows and macOS only.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>deviceId</pt>
                    <pd>Specifies the playback device. Obtained via <xref keyref="enumeratePlaybackDevices"/>. Plugging/unplugging devices does not affect <codeph>deviceId</codeph>.
Maximum length: <xref keyref="MAX_DEVICE_ID_LENGTH_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>deviceId</pt>
                    <pd>Specifies the playback device. Obtained via <xref keyref="enumeratePlaybackDevices"/>. Plugging or unplugging devices does not affect <codeph>deviceId</codeph>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>deviceId</pt>
                    <pd>Specifies the playback device. Obtained via <xref keyref="enumeratePlaybackDevices"/>. Plugging or unplugging devices does not affect <codeph>deviceId</codeph>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>