<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enableloopbackrecording">
    <title><ph keyref="enableLoopbackRecording"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Enables loopback recording.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Enables sound card capture.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Enables loopback recording.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableLoopbackRecording"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableLoopbackRecording(
    enabled: boolean,
    deviceName?: string
  ): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; enableLoopbackRecording(
    {required bool enabled, String? deviceName});</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableLoopbackRecording(bool enabled, string deviceName = "");</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="electron">After enabling loopback recording, the sound played by the sound card will be mixed into the local audio stream and can be sent to the remote side.</p>
            <p props="flutter">After enabling the sound card capture function, the sound played by the sound card is mixed into the local audio stream and can be sent to the remote side.</p>
            <p props="unity">After enabling loopback recording, the sound played by the sound card will be mixed into the local audio stream and can be sent to the remote end.</p>
            <note props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method can be called before or after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>If you call <xref keyref="disableAudio"/> to disable the audio module, loopback recording will also be disabled. To re-enable loopback recording, you need to call <xref keyref="enableAudio"/> to enable the audio module and then call <xref keyref="enableLoopbackRecording"/> again.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="flutter">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method is only applicable to macOS and Windows platforms.</li>
                    <li>This method can be called before or after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>If you call <xref keyref="disableAudio"/> to disable the audio module, the sound card capture function will also be disabled. To re-enable it, you must call <xref keyref="enableAudio"/> to enable the audio module, and then call <xref keyref="enableLoopbackRecording"/> again.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method is only applicable to macOS and Windows platforms.</li>
                    <li>It can be called before or after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>If you call <xref keyref="disableAudio"/> to disable the audio module, loopback recording will also be disabled. To re-enable loopback recording, you must call <xref keyref="enableAudio"/> to enable the audio module, then call <xref keyref="enableLoopbackRecording"/> again.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable loopback recording:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable loopback recording; the system sound &gt; output interface displays the virtual sound card name.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable loopback recording; the system sound &gt; output interface does not display the virtual sound card name.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>deviceName</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Electron for UnionTech OS SDK does not support this parameter.</note>
                        <ul>
                            <li>macOS: The device name of the virtual sound card. Default is empty, which means using the AgoraALD virtual sound card for recording.</li>
                            <li>Windows: The device name of the sound card. Default is empty, which means using the built-in sound card of the device.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable sound card capture:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable sound card capture; the virtual sound card name is displayed in System Sound &gt; Output.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable sound card capture; the virtual sound card name is not displayed in System Sound &gt; Output.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>deviceName</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <ul>
                            <li>macOS: Device name of the virtual sound card. Default is empty, which means using the AgoraALD virtual sound card for capture.</li>
                            <li>Windows: Device name of the sound card. Default is empty, which means using the built-in sound card of the device for capture.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to enable loopback recording:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Enable loopback recording; the system sound &gt; output interface displays the virtual sound card name.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable loopback recording; the system sound &gt; output interface does not display the virtual sound card name.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>deviceName</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <ul>
                            <li>macOS: The device name of the virtual sound card. Default is empty, which means using the AgoraALD virtual sound card for recording.</li>
                            <li>Windows: The device name of the sound card. Default is empty, which means using the built-in sound card of the device for recording.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>