<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_iaudiodevicemanager_startrecordingdevicetest">
    <title><ph keyref="startRecordingDeviceTest"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Starts the audio recording device test.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Starts the audio recording device test.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Starts a recording device test.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startRecordingDeviceTest"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRecordingDeviceTest(indicationInterval: number): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startRecordingDeviceTest(int indicationInterval);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartRecordingDeviceTest(int indicationInterval);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="electron">This method tests whether the local audio recording device is working properly. After calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback at the specified interval to report the volume information of <codeph>uid</codeph> = 0 and the recording device.
The difference between this method and <xref keyref="startEchoTest3"/> is that this method tests whether the local audio recording device is working properly, while the latter tests whether the audio/video devices and network are functioning correctly.</p>
            <p props="flutter">This method tests whether the local audio recording device works properly. After you call this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback at the specified time interval to report the volume information of the recording device with <codeph>uid</codeph> = 0.
The difference between this method and <xref keyref="startEchoTest3"/> is that this method checks whether the local audio recording device works properly, while the latter checks whether the audio and video devices and network are functioning properly.</p>
            <p props="unity">This method tests whether the local recording device is working properly. After calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback at the specified time interval to report the volume information of <codeph>uid</codeph> = 0 and the recording device.
The difference between this method and <xref keyref="startEchoTest3"/> is that this method checks whether the local recording device is working, while the latter checks whether the audio/video devices and network are functioning properly.</p>
            <note props="electron">You must call this method before joining a channel. After testing is complete, if you need to join a channel, make sure to call <xref keyref="stopRecordingDeviceTest"/> to stop the device test first.</note>
            <note props="flutter">You must call this method before joining a channel. After the test is complete, if you want to join a channel, make sure to call <xref keyref="stopRecordingDeviceTest"/> to stop the device test.</note>
            <note props="unity">You must call this method before joining a channel. After the test is complete, if you want to join a channel, make sure to call <xref keyref="stopRecordingDeviceTest"/> to stop the test first.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>indicationInterval</pt>
                    <pd>The interval at which the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback, in milliseconds. The minimum value is 10; otherwise, the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback will not be received and the SDK will return error code <codeph>-2</codeph>. Agora recommends setting this value to 100.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>indicationInterval</pt>
                    <pd>The time interval at which the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback, in milliseconds. The minimum value is 10. Otherwise, the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback will not be received, and the SDK returns error code <codeph>-2</codeph>. Agora recommends setting this value to 100.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>indicationInterval</pt>
                    <pd>The time interval in milliseconds at which the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback. The minimum value is 10. Otherwise, the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback will not be received and the SDK will return error code <codeph>-2</codeph>. Agora recommends setting this value to 100.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid parameter settings. Please reset the parameters.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                <ul>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Method call failed. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid parameter setting. Please reset the parameter.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and troubleshooting.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid parameter. Please reset the parameter.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>