<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setdualstreammode2">
    <title><ph keyref="setDualStreamMode2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Sets the dual-stream mode on the sender and configures the low-quality video stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Sets the dual-stream mode and configures the low-quality video stream on the sender side.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Sets the dual-stream mode on the sender and configures the low-quality video stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Sets the dual-stream mode on the sender and configures the low-quality video stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setDualStreamMode2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setDualStreamMode(
    mode: SimulcastStreamMode,
    streamConfig?: SimulcastStreamConfig
  ): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setDualStreamMode(
    mode: SimulcastStreamMode,
    streamConfig?: SimulcastStreamConfig
  ): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setDualStreamMode(
      {required SimulcastStreamMode mode, SimulcastStreamConfig? streamConfig});</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetDualStreamMode(SIMULCAST_STREAM_MODE mode, SimulcastStreamConfig streamConfig);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="electron">By default, the SDK enables the adaptive low-quality stream mode (<codeph>AutoSimulcastStream</codeph>) on the sender. In this mode, the sender does not actively send the low-quality stream. A receiver with host privileges can call <xref keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType"/> to request the low-quality stream, and the sender starts sending it automatically upon receiving the request.
                <ul>
                    <li>If you want to change this behavior, you can call this method and set <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>DisableSimulcastStream</codeph> (never send low-quality stream) or <codeph>EnableSimulcastStream</codeph> (always send low-quality stream).</li>
                    <li>To revert to the default behavior after making changes, call this method again and set <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>AutoSimulcastStream</codeph>.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="rn">By default, the SDK enables the adaptive low-quality stream mode (<codeph>AutoSimulcastStream</codeph>) on the sender side, meaning the sender does not actively send the low-quality stream. A receiver with host role can call <xref keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType"/> to request the low-quality stream, and the sender starts sending it automatically upon receiving the request.
                <ul>
                    <li>To change this behavior, call this method and set <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>DisableSimulcastStream</codeph> (never send low-quality stream) or <codeph>EnableSimulcastStream</codeph> (always send low-quality stream).</li>
                    <li>To revert to the default behavior after making changes, call this method again and set <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>AutoSimulcastStream</codeph>.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">The SDK enables the adaptive low-quality stream mode (<codeph>autoSimulcastStream</codeph>) by default on the sender, meaning the sender does not actively send low-quality streams. Receivers with host roles can call <xref keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType"/> to request low-quality streams. After receiving the request, the sender automatically starts sending low-quality streams.
                <ul>
                    <li>If you want to change this behavior, you can call this method and set <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>disableSimulcastStream</codeph> (never send low-quality streams) or <codeph>enableSimulcastStream</codeph> (always send low-quality streams).</li>
                    <li>If you want to revert to the default behavior after modification, call this method again and set <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>autoSimulcastStream</codeph>.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="unity">By default, the SDK enables adaptive low-quality stream mode (<codeph>AUTO_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>) on the sender, meaning the sender does not actively send low-quality streams. Receivers with host identity can call <xref keyref="setRemoteVideoStreamType"/> to request a low-quality stream, and the sender starts sending it upon receiving the request.
                <ul>
                    <li>If you want to change this behavior, call this method and set <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (never send low-quality stream) or <codeph>ENABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> (always send low-quality stream).</li>
                    <li>If you want to revert to the default behavior after changing it, call this method again and set <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>AUTO_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>.</li>
                </ul><ph>Compared to <xref keyref="setDualStreamMode"/>, this method also allows you to configure the low-quality video stream. The SDK sends the low-quality stream based on the configuration in <codeph>streamConfig</codeph>.</ph></p>
            <note props="electron">The differences and relationship between this method and <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> are as follows:
                <ul>
                    <li>Calling this method with <codeph>mode</codeph> set to <codeph>DisableSimulcastStream</codeph> has the same effect as calling <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> with <codeph>enabled</codeph> set to <xref keyref="false"/>.</li>
                    <li>Calling this method with <codeph>mode</codeph> set to <codeph>EnableSimulcastStream</codeph> has the same effect as calling <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> with <codeph>enabled</codeph> set to <xref keyref="true"/>.</li>
                    <li>Both methods can be called before or after joining a channel. If both are used, the settings in the method called later take effect.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="rn">The differences and similarities between this method and <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> are as follows:
                <ul>
                    <li>Calling this method with <codeph>mode</codeph> set to <codeph>DisableSimulcastStream</codeph> is equivalent to calling <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> with <codeph>enabled</codeph> set to <xref keyref="false"/>.</li>
                    <li>Calling this method with <codeph>mode</codeph> set to <codeph>EnableSimulcastStream</codeph> is equivalent to calling <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> with <codeph>enabled</codeph> set to <xref keyref="true"/>.</li>
                    <li>Both methods can be called before or after joining a channel. If both are used, the settings from the later call take precedence.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="flutter">The differences and relationships between this method and <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> are as follows:
                <ul>
                    <li>Calling this method and setting <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>disableSimulcastStream</codeph> has the same effect as calling <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> with <codeph>enabled</codeph> set to <xref keyref="false"/>.</li>
                    <li>Calling this method and setting <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>enableSimulcastStream</codeph> has the same effect as calling <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> with <codeph>enabled</codeph> set to <xref keyref="true"/>.</li>
                    <li>Both methods can be called before or after joining a channel. If both are used, the settings in the later call take effect.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="unity">The differences and relationships between this method and <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> are as follows:
                <ul>
                    <li>Calling this method and setting <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> has the same effect as calling <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> with <codeph>enabled</codeph> set to <xref keyref="false"/>.</li>
                    <li>Calling this method and setting <codeph>mode</codeph> to <codeph>ENABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph> has the same effect as calling <xref keyref="enableDualStreamMode3"/> with <codeph>enabled</codeph> set to <xref keyref="true"/>.</li>
                    <li>Both methods can be called before or after joining a channel. If both are used, the settings from the later call take effect.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>mode</pt>
                    <pd>The mode for sending video streams. See <xref keyref="SIMULCAST_STREAM_MODE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>streamConfig</pt>
                    <pd>The configuration for the low-quality video stream. See <xref keyref="SimulcastStreamConfig"/>.
                        <note>If <codeph>mode</codeph> is set to <codeph>DisableSimulcastStream</codeph>, <codeph>streamConfig</codeph> will not take effect.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>mode</pt>
                    <pd>The mode for sending video streams. See <xref keyref="SIMULCAST_STREAM_MODE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>streamConfig</pt>
                    <pd>Configuration for the low-quality video stream. See <xref keyref="SimulcastStreamConfig"/>.
                        <note>When <codeph>mode</codeph> is set to <codeph>DisableSimulcastStream</codeph>, <codeph>streamConfig</codeph> has no effect.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>mode</pt>
                    <pd>The mode for sending video streams. See <xref keyref="SIMULCAST_STREAM_MODE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>streamConfig</pt>
                    <pd>The configuration of the low-quality video stream. See <xref keyref="SimulcastStreamConfig"/>.
                        <note>When <codeph>mode</codeph> is set to <codeph>disableSimulcastStream</codeph>, setting <codeph>streamConfig</codeph> has no effect.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>mode</pt>
                    <pd>The mode for sending video streams. See <xref keyref="SIMULCAST_STREAM_MODE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>streamConfig</pt>
                    <pd>Configuration of the low-quality video stream. See <xref keyref="SimulcastStreamConfig"/>.
                        <note>When <codeph>mode</codeph> is set to <codeph>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</codeph>, setting <codeph>streamConfig</codeph> has no effect.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and troubleshooting.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Code](https://doc.shengwang.cn/api-ref/rtc/rn/error-code) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>