<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startrtmpstreamwithouttranscoding">
    <title><ph keyref="startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Starts pushing media streams without transcoding.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Starts RTMP streaming without transcoding.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Starts pushing streams without transcoding.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Starts RTMP streaming without transcoding.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding(url: string): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding(url: string): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding(String url);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding(string url);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="electron">Agora recommends using the more advanced server-side streaming feature. See [Implement Server-side Streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
Call this method to push live audio and video streams to a specified streaming URL. This method supports pushing to only one URL at a time. To push to multiple URLs, call this method multiple times.
After calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback locally to report the streaming status.</p>
            <p props="rn">Agora recommends using the more advanced server-side streaming feature. See [Implement server-side streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
Call this method to push live audio and video streams to the specified RTMP streaming URL. This method can push to only one URL at a time. To push to multiple URLs, call this method multiple times.
After calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback locally to report the streaming status.</p>
            <p props="flutter">Agora recommends using the more comprehensive server-side streaming feature. See [Implement Server-Side Streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
You can call this method to push live audio and video streams to a specified CDN streaming URL. This method can only push to one URL at a time. To push to multiple URLs, you must call this method multiple times.
After calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback locally to report the streaming status.</p>
            <p props="unity">Agora recommends using a more comprehensive server-side streaming feature. See [Implement server-side streaming](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/media-push/restful/landing-page).
By calling this method, you can push live audio and video streams to the specified RTMP address. This method can only push to one address at a time. If you need to push to multiple addresses, call this method multiple times.
After calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback locally to report the streaming state.</p>
            <note props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>Only broadcasters in a live streaming scenario can call this method.</li>
                    <li>If the streaming fails and you want to retry, you must call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> before calling this method again. Otherwise, the SDK will return the same error code as the previous failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>Only hosts in live streaming scenarios can call this method.</li>
                    <li>If the streaming fails and you want to restart it, make sure to call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> first before calling this method again. Otherwise, the SDK will return the same error code as the previous failed attempt.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="flutter">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>Only hosts in live streaming scenarios can call this method.</li>
                    <li>If the stream fails to start and you want to restart it, you must call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> before calling this method again. Otherwise, the SDK returns the same error code as the previous failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>Only hosts in a live broadcast scenario can call this method.</li>
                    <li>If the streaming fails and you want to restart it, make sure to call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> before calling this method again, otherwise the SDK returns the same error code as the last failure.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The streaming URL. Must be in RTMP or RTMPS format. The maximum length is 1024 bytes. Special characters such as Chinese characters are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The RTMP or RTMPS streaming URL. The maximum length is 1024 bytes. Chinese characters and special characters are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The CDN streaming URL. The format must be RTMP or RTMPS. The character length must not exceed 1024 bytes. Special characters such as Chinese are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The RTMP or RTMPS streaming URL. The character length must not exceed 1024 bytes. Chinese characters and other special characters are not supported.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and troubleshooting.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: The URL or transcoding parameter is incorrect. Check your URL or parameter settings.</li>
                            <li>-7: The SDK is not initialized before calling this method.</li>
                            <li>-19: The streaming URL is already in use. Use a different streaming URL.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and troubleshooting.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid URL or transcoding parameter. Check your URL or parameter settings.</li>
                            <li>-7: SDK not initialized before calling this method.</li>
                            <li>-19: The RTMP streaming URL is already in use. Use a different URL.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                        <ul>
                            <li>-2: Invalid URL or transcoding parameters. Please check your URL or parameter settings.</li>
                            <li>-7: The SDK was not initialized before calling this method.</li>
                            <li>-19: The RTMP URL is already in use. Please use another RTMP URL.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>