<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setexternalremoteeglcontext">
    <title><ph keyref="setExternalRemoteEglContext"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Sets the EGL context for rendering remote video streams.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Sets the EGL context for rendering remote video streams.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Sets the EGL context for rendering remote video streams.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setExternalRemoteEglContext"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setExternalRemoteEglContext(eglContext: any): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setExternalRemoteEglContext(int eglContext);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetExternalRemoteEglContext(IntPtr eglContext);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="rn">By setting this method, developers can replace the SDK's default remote EGL context, facilitating unified EGL context management.
When the engine is destroyed, the SDK automatically releases the EGL context.</p>
            <p props="flutter">By setting this method, developers can replace the SDK's default internal remote EGL context to facilitate unified EGL context management.
When the engine is destroyed, the SDK automatically releases the EGL context.</p>
            <p props="unity">By calling this method, developers can replace the SDK's default internal remote EGL context, making it easier to manage a unified EGL context.
When the engine is destroyed, the SDK automatically releases the EGL context.</p>
            <note props="rn">(Android only)</note>
            <note props="flutter">This method is for Android only.</note>
            <note props="unity">This method is only applicable to Android.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>This method is applicable in scenarios where remote video rendering is done using video data in Texture format.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="rn">This method must be called before joining a channel.</p>
            <p props="flutter">This method must be called before joining the channel.</p>
            <p props="unity">You need to call this method before joining the channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>eglContext</pt>
                    <pd>The EGL context object used for rendering remote video streams.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>eglContext</pt>
                    <pd>The EGL context object used for rendering remote video streams.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>eglContext</pt>
                    <pd>The EGL context object used for rendering remote video streams.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: The method call succeeds.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>