<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ivideodevicemanager_numberofcapabilities">
    <title><ph keyref="numberOfCapabilities"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Gets the number of video formats supported by the specified video capture device.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Gets the number of video formats supported by the specified video capturing device.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Gets the number of video formats supported by the specified video capture device.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="numberOfCapabilities"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract numberOfCapabilities(deviceIdUTF8: string): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; numberOfCapabilities(String deviceIdUTF8);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int NumberOfCapabilities(string deviceIdUTF8);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="electron">A video capture device may support multiple video formats, each supporting different combinations of frame width, frame height, and frame rate.
You can call this method to get the number of video formats supported by the specified video capture device, and then call <xref keyref="getCapability"/> to get the specific frame information under a given format.</p>
            <p props="flutter">A video capturing device may support multiple video formats, each with different combinations of frame width, frame height, and frame rate.
You can call this method to get how many video formats the specified video capturing device supports, and then call <xref keyref="getCapability"/> to get detailed frame information for a specific video format.</p>
            <p props="unity">A video capture device may support multiple video formats, each with different combinations of frame width, frame height, and frame rate.
You can call this method to get how many video formats are supported by the specified video capture device, and then call <xref keyref="getCapability"/> to get detailed video frame information for each format.</p>
            <note props="flutter">This method is only applicable to Windows and macOS.</note>
            <note props="unity">(Windows and macOS only)</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>deviceIdUTF8</pt>
                    <pd>The ID of the video capture device.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>deviceIdUTF8</pt>
                    <pd>The ID of the video capturing device.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>deviceIdUTF8</pt>
                    <pd>ID of the video capture device.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>&gt; 0: The method call succeeds. Returns the number of video formats supported by the device. For example, if the specified camera supports 10 different video formats, the return value is 10.</li>
                    <li>≤ 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.
                <ul>
                    <li>≤ 0: The method call fails. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>&gt; 0: Success. Returns the number of video formats supported by the device. For example, if the specified camera supports 10 different formats, the return value is 10.</li>
                    <li>≤ 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>