<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setcamerafocuspositioninpreview">
    <title><ph keyref="setCameraFocusPositionInPreview"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Sets the manual focus position and triggers focusing.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Sets the manual focus position and triggers focusing.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Sets the manual focus position and triggers focus.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setCameraFocusPositionInPreview"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setCameraFocusPositionInPreview(
    positionX: number,
    positionY: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setCameraFocusPositionInPreview(
    {required double positionX, required double positionY});</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetCameraFocusPositionInPreview(float positionX, float positionY);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <note props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>You must call this method after <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>. The setting takes effect after the camera is successfully turned on, that is, when the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LocalVideoStreamStateCapturing</codeph> (1).</li>
                    <li>After this method is successfully called, the local client triggers the <xref keyref="onCameraFocusAreaChanged"/> callback.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="flutter">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method is applicable to Android and iOS only.</li>
                    <li>You must call this method after <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>. The setting takes effect after the camera is successfully turned on, i.e., after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and the local video state is <codeph>localVideoStreamStateCapturing</codeph> (1).</li>
                    <li>After this method is successfully called, the local client triggers the <xref keyref="onCameraFocusAreaChanged"/> callback.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
            <note props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>This method is for Android and iOS only.</li>
                    <li>You must call this method after <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>. The setting takes effect after the camera is successfully enabled, i.e., after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING</codeph> (1).</li>
                    <li>After successfully calling this method, the local client triggers the <xref keyref="onCameraFocusAreaChanged"/> callback.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>positionX</pt>
                    <pd>The X coordinate of the touch point relative to the view.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>positionY</pt>
                    <pd>The Y coordinate of the touch point relative to the view.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>positionX</pt>
                    <pd>The horizontal coordinate of the touch point relative to the view.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>positionY</pt>
                    <pd>The vertical coordinate of the touch point relative to the view.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>positionX</pt>
                    <pd>The X coordinate of the touch point relative to the view.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>positionY</pt>
                    <pd>The Y coordinate of the touch point relative to the view.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>