<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_switchcamera">
    <title><ph keyref="switchCamera"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Switches between front and rear cameras.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Switches between front and rear cameras.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Switches between front and rear cameras.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="switchCamera"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract switchCamera(): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; switchCamera();</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SwitchCamera();</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="rn">You can call this method during the app's runtime to dynamically switch between cameras based on the actual availability, without restarting the video stream or reconfiguring the video source.</p>
            <p props="flutter">You can call this method during app runtime to dynamically switch cameras based on the actual availability of cameras, without restarting the video stream or reconfiguring the video source.</p>
            <p props="unity">You can call this method during app runtime to dynamically switch cameras based on the actual availability without restarting the video stream or reconfiguring the video source.</p>
            <note props="rn">This method only switches the camera for the first video stream captured by the camera, that is, the video source set to <codeph>VideoSourceCamera</codeph> (0) when calling <xref keyref="startCameraCapture"/>.</note>
            <note props="flutter">This method is applicable only to Android and iOS.
This method only switches the camera for the first video stream captured by the camera, that is, the video source set to <codeph>videoSourceCamera</codeph> (0) when calling <xref keyref="startCameraCapture"/>.</note>
            <note props="unity">This method is applicable to Android and iOS only.
This method only switches the camera for the first video stream captured by the camera, i.e., the video source set to <codeph>VIDEO_SOURCE_CAMERA</codeph> (0) when calling <xref keyref="startCameraCapture"/>.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Timing</title>
            <p props="rn">You must call this method after the camera is successfully turned on, that is, when the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LocalVideoStreamStateCapturing</codeph> (1).</p>
            <p props="flutter">You must call this method after the camera is successfully started, that is, when the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>localVideoStreamStateCapturing</codeph> (1).</p>
            <p props="unity">You must call this method after the camera is successfully started, that is, after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <codeph>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING</codeph> (1).</p>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="rn">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>