<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_iaudiodevicemanager_followsystemplaybackdevice">
    <title><ph keyref="followSystemPlaybackDevice"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Sets whether the SDK's playback device follows the system default playback device.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Sets whether the audio playback device used by the SDK follows the system default playback device.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Sets whether the audio playback device used by the SDK follows the system default audio playback device.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="followSystemPlaybackDevice"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract followSystemPlaybackDevice(enable: boolean): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; followSystemPlaybackDevice(bool enable);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int FollowSystemPlaybackDevice(bool enable);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <note props="flutter">This method is applicable to Windows and macOS only.</note>
            <note props="unity">(Windows and macOS only)</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>enable</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to follow the system default playback device:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Follow. When the system default playback device changes, the SDK immediately switches the playback device.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not follow. The SDK switches to the system default playback device only when the current playback device is removed.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>enable</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to follow the system default audio playback device:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Follow. When the system default playback device changes, the SDK immediately switches the audio playback device.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not follow. The SDK switches to the system default playback device only when the current audio playback device is removed.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>enable</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to follow the system default audio playback device:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Follow. When the system default audio playback device changes, the SDK immediately switches to it.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not follow. The SDK switches to the system default audio playback device only when the current device used by the SDK is removed.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Return Values</title>
            <p props="electron">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</p>
            <p props="unity">
                <ul>
                    <li>0: Success.</li>
                    <li>&lt; 0: Failure. See [Error Codes](https://docs.agora.io/en/video-calling/troubleshooting/error-codes) for details and resolution suggestions.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>