<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onrejoinchannelsuccess">
    <title><ph keyref="onRejoinChannelSuccess"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Callback when successfully rejoining a channel.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Occurs when the user successfully rejoins the channel.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Callback when successfully rejoined a channel.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Callback when successfully rejoined a channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onRejoinChannelSuccess"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onRejoinChannelSuccess?(connection: RtcConnection, elapsed: number): void;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onRejoinChannelSuccess?(connection: RtcConnection, elapsed: number): void;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, int elapsed)?
      onRejoinChannelSuccess;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnRejoinChannelSuccess(RtcConnection connection, int elapsed) {}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title"/>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Trigger Timing</title>
            <p props="electron">Sometimes due to network issues, the client may lose connection with the server. The SDK automatically reconnects, and this callback is triggered upon successful reconnection.</p>
            <p props="rn">Due to network issues, the client may lose connection with the server. The SDK will attempt to reconnect automatically. This callback is triggered when the reconnection succeeds.</p>
            <p props="flutter">Sometimes, due to network issues, the client may lose connection with the server. The SDK will automatically reconnect and trigger this callback upon successful reconnection.</p>
            <p props="unity">Due to network issues, the client may lose connection with the server. The SDK will attempt to reconnect automatically. This callback is triggered after a successful reconnection.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID of the user who rejoined the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>elapsed</pt>
                    <pd>The time interval (in milliseconds) from calling the <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/> method to the triggering of this callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>elapsed</pt>
                    <pd>Time elapsed (ms) from calling <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/> to the triggering of this callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>elapsed</pt>
                    <pd>Time interval (ms) from calling <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/> to triggering this callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>elapsed</pt>
                    <pd>Time interval (ms) from the call to <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/> to the triggering of this callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>