<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onlastmilequality">
    <title><ph keyref="onLastmileQuality"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Reports the last-mile network quality before a call.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Callback for the last mile network quality report.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Callback for the last mile uplink and downlink network quality report.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Callback for last mile network quality before joining a channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onLastmileQuality"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onLastmileQuality?(quality: QualityType): void;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onLastmileQuality?(quality: QualityType): void;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(QualityType quality)? onLastmileQuality;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnLastmileQuality(int quality)</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="electron">This callback reports the result of the last-mile network probe for the local user before joining a channel. Last mile refers to the network status between the device and the Agora edge server.
Before joining a channel, after calling <xref keyref="startLastmileProbeTest"/>, the SDK triggers this callback to report the probe result.</p>
            <p props="rn">This callback describes the result of the last mile network probe for the local user before joining a channel. Last mile refers to the network status from the device to the Agora edge server.
Before joining a channel, after calling <xref keyref="startLastmileProbeTest"/>, the SDK triggers this callback to report the result of the local user's last mile network probe.</p>
            <p props="flutter">This callback describes the result of the last mile network probe for the local user before joining the channel. The last mile refers to the network status from the device to the Agora edge server.
Before joining the channel, after calling <xref keyref="startLastmileProbeTest"/>, the SDK triggers this callback to report the result of the last mile network probe for the local user.</p>
            <p props="unity">This callback reports the result of the last mile network probe before the local user joins a channel. The last mile refers to the network connection between the device and the Agora edge server.
Before joining a channel, after calling <xref keyref="startLastmileProbeTest"/>, the SDK triggers this callback to report the last mile network probe result for the local user.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>quality</pt>
                    <pd>Last-mile network quality. See <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>quality</pt>
                    <pd>Last mile network quality. See <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>quality</pt>
                    <pd>Last mile network quality. See <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>quality</pt>
                    <pd>Last mile network quality. See <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>