<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_colorenhanceoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="ColorEnhanceOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Color enhancement options.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Color enhancement options.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Color enhancement options.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Color enhancement options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ColorEnhanceOptions {
  
  strengthLevel?: number;
  
  skinProtectLevel?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ColorEnhanceOptions {
  
  strengthLevel?: number;
  
  skinProtectLevel?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class ColorEnhanceOptions {
  const ColorEnhanceOptions({this.strengthLevel, this.skinProtectLevel});
  @JsonKey(name: 'strengthLevel')
  final double? strengthLevel;
  @JsonKey(name: 'skinProtectLevel')
  final double? skinProtectLevel;
  factory ColorEnhanceOptions.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$ColorEnhanceOptionsFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$ColorEnhanceOptionsToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class ColorEnhanceOptions
    {
        public float strengthLevel { set; get; }
        public float skinProtectLevel { set; get; }

        public ColorEnhanceOptions(float stength, float skinProtect)
        {
            strengthLevel = stength;
            skinProtectLevel = skinProtect;
        }

        public ColorEnhanceOptions()
        {
            strengthLevel = 0;
            skinProtectLevel = 1;
        }
    };</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>strengthLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Color enhancement intensity. Value range: [0.0,1.0]. <codeph>0.0</codeph> means no color enhancement is applied to the video. The higher the value, the stronger the enhancement. Default is <codeph>0.5</codeph>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>skinProtectLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Skin tone protection level. Value range: [0.0,1.0]. <codeph>0.0</codeph> means no skin tone protection is applied. The higher the value, the stronger the protection. Default is <codeph>1.0</codeph>.
                        <ul>
                            <li>When the color enhancement level is high, facial skin tones may become noticeably distorted. You should set the skin tone protection level.</li>
                            <li>A higher skin tone protection level may slightly reduce the color enhancement effect.</li>
                        </ul><ph>Therefore, to achieve the best color enhancement effect, it is recommended that you dynamically adjust <codeph>strengthLevel</codeph> and <codeph>skinProtectLevel</codeph> to achieve the optimal result.</ph></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>strengthLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Color enhancement strength. Value range is [0.0,1.0]. <codeph>0.0</codeph> means no color enhancement is applied to the video. The larger the value, the stronger the enhancement. Default value is <codeph>0.5</codeph>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>skinProtectLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Skin tone protection level. Value range is [0.0,1.0]. <codeph>0.0</codeph> means no skin tone protection. The larger the value, the stronger the protection. Default value is <codeph>1.0</codeph>.
                        <ul>
                            <li>When the color enhancement strength is high, facial skin tones may appear distorted. You need to set the skin tone protection level.</li>
                            <li>Higher skin tone protection levels may slightly reduce the color enhancement effect.</li>
                        </ul><ph>Therefore, to achieve the best color enhancement effect, it is recommended to dynamically adjust <codeph>strengthLevel</codeph> and <codeph>skinProtectLevel</codeph> for optimal results.</ph></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>strengthLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Color enhancement level. Value range is [0.0, 1.0]. <codeph>0.0</codeph> means no color enhancement is applied to the video. The higher the value, the stronger the color enhancement. Default is <codeph>0.5</codeph>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>skinProtectLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Skin tone protection level. Value range is [0.0, 1.0]. <codeph>0.0</codeph> means no skin tone protection is applied. The higher the value, the stronger the protection. Default is <codeph>1.0</codeph>.
                        <ul>
                            <li>When the color enhancement level is high, facial skin tones may appear distorted. You need to set the skin tone protection level.</li>
                            <li>A higher skin tone protection level slightly reduces the color enhancement effect.</li>
                        </ul><ph>Therefore, to achieve the best color enhancement effect, it is recommended that you dynamically adjust <codeph>strengthLevel</codeph> and <codeph>skinProtectLevel</codeph> to achieve the optimal result.</ph></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>strengthLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Degree of color enhancement. Value range is [0.0,1.0]. <codeph>0.0</codeph> means no color enhancement is applied to the video. The higher the value, the stronger the enhancement. Default is <codeph>0.5</codeph>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>skinProtectLevel</pt>
                    <pd>Degree of skin tone protection. Value range is [0.0,1.0]. <codeph>0.0</codeph> means no skin tone protection. The higher the value, the greater the protection. Default is <codeph>1.0</codeph>.
                        <ul>
                            <li>When the color enhancement level is high, facial skin tones may appear distorted, so you need to set the skin protection level.</li>
                            <li>A higher skin protection level may slightly reduce the color enhancement effect.</li>
                        </ul><ph>Therefore, to achieve the best color enhancement result, it is recommended that you dynamically adjust <codeph>strengthLevel</codeph> and <codeph>skinProtectLevel</codeph> to achieve the optimal effect.</ph></pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>