<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_watermarkratio">
    <title><ph keyref="WatermarkRatio"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Watermark position and size on screen.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Position and size of the watermark on the screen.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Position and size of the watermark on the screen.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Watermark position and size on the screen.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class WatermarkRatio {
  
  xRatio?: number;
  
  yRatio?: number;
  
  widthRatio?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class WatermarkRatio {
  
  xRatio?: number;
  
  yRatio?: number;
  
  widthRatio?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class WatermarkRatio {
  const WatermarkRatio({this.xRatio, this.yRatio, this.widthRatio});

  @JsonKey(name: 'xRatio')
  final double? xRatio;
  @JsonKey(name: 'yRatio')
  final double? yRatio;
  @JsonKey(name: 'widthRatio')
  final double? widthRatio;
  factory WatermarkRatio.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$WatermarkRatioFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$WatermarkRatioToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class WatermarkRatio
    {
        public WatermarkRatio()
        {
            xRatio = 0.0f;
            yRatio = 0.0f;
            widthRatio = 0.0f;
        }

        public WatermarkRatio(float x, float y, float width)
        {
            xRatio = x;
            yRatio = y;
            widthRatio = width;
        }
        public float xRatio { set; get; }
        public float yRatio { set; get; }
        public float widthRatio { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <p props="electron">The watermark's position and size on screen are determined by <codeph>xRatio</codeph>, <codeph>yRatio</codeph>, and <codeph>widthRatio</codeph>:
                <ul>
                    <li>(<codeph>xRatio</codeph>, <codeph>yRatio</codeph>) represents the coordinates of the top-left corner of the watermark, determining the distance from the top-left corner of the screen.</li>
                    <li><codeph>widthRatio</codeph> determines the width of the watermark.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="rn">The position and size of the watermark on the screen are determined by <codeph>xRatio</codeph>, <codeph>yRatio</codeph>, and <codeph>widthRatio</codeph>:
                <ul>
                    <li>(<codeph>xRatio</codeph>, <codeph>yRatio</codeph>) indicates the coordinates of the top-left corner of the watermark, representing the distance from the top-left corner of the screen.</li>
                    <li><codeph>widthRatio</codeph> determines the width of the watermark.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="flutter">The position and size of the watermark on the screen are determined by <codeph>xRatio</codeph>, <codeph>yRatio</codeph>, and <codeph>widthRatio</codeph>:
                <ul>
                    <li>(<codeph>xRatio</codeph>, <codeph>yRatio</codeph>) specify the coordinates of the top-left corner of the watermark, determining the distance from the top-left corner of the screen.</li>
                    <li><codeph>widthRatio</codeph> determines the width of the watermark.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p props="unity">The position and size of the watermark on the screen are determined by <codeph>xRatio</codeph>, <codeph>yRatio</codeph>, and <codeph>widthRatio</codeph>:
                <ul>
                    <li>(<codeph>xRatio</codeph>, <codeph>yRatio</codeph>) specifies the coordinates of the top-left corner of the watermark, determining its distance from the top-left corner of the screen.</li>
                    <li><codeph>widthRatio</codeph> specifies the width of the watermark.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>xRatio</pt>
                    <pd>X coordinate of the top-left corner of the watermark. Using the top-left corner of the screen as the origin, the x coordinate is the horizontal offset of the watermark's top-left corner from the origin. Value range: [0.0, 1.0], default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>yRatio</pt>
                    <pd>Y coordinate of the top-left corner of the watermark. Using the top-left corner of the screen as the origin, the y coordinate is the vertical offset of the watermark's top-left corner from the origin. Value range: [0.0, 1.0], default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>widthRatio</pt>
                    <pd>Width of the watermark. The SDK calculates the height proportionally based on this value to ensure the watermark image is not distorted when scaled. Value range: [0.0, 1.0], default is 0, which means the watermark is not displayed.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>xRatio</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate of the top-left corner of the watermark. With the top-left corner of the screen as the origin, the x-coordinate represents the horizontal offset of the watermark's top-left corner relative to the origin. Value range: [0.0, 1.0], default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>yRatio</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate of the top-left corner of the watermark. With the top-left corner of the screen as the origin, the y-coordinate represents the vertical offset of the watermark's top-left corner relative to the origin. Value range: [0.0, 1.0], default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>widthRatio</pt>
                    <pd>The width of the watermark. The SDK calculates the proportional height of the watermark based on this value to ensure the image is not distorted when scaled. Value range: [0.0, 1.0], default is 0, which means the watermark is not displayed.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>xRatio</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate of the top-left corner of the watermark. The origin is the top-left corner of the screen. The x-coordinate is the horizontal offset of the watermark's top-left corner relative to the origin. Value range: [0.0, 1.0], default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>yRatio</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate of the top-left corner of the watermark. The origin is the top-left corner of the screen. The y-coordinate is the vertical offset of the watermark's top-left corner relative to the origin. Value range: [0.0, 1.0], default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>widthRatio</pt>
                    <pd>The width of the watermark. The SDK calculates the proportional height of the watermark based on this value to ensure the image is not distorted when scaled. Value range: [0.0, 1.0], default is 0, meaning the watermark is not displayed.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>xRatio</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate of the top-left corner of the watermark. With the top-left corner of the screen as the origin, the x-coordinate is the horizontal offset of the watermark's top-left corner relative to the origin. Value range is [0.0,1.0], default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>yRatio</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate of the top-left corner of the watermark. With the top-left corner of the screen as the origin, the y-coordinate is the vertical offset of the watermark's top-left corner relative to the origin. Value range is [0.0,1.0], default is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>widthRatio</pt>
                    <pd>The width of the watermark. The SDK calculates the proportional height based on this value to ensure the watermark image is not distorted when scaled. Value range is [0.0,1.0], default is 0, which means the watermark is not displayed.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>