<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_videolayout">
    <title><ph keyref="VideoLayout"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Layout information of a sub-video stream in a composite video.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Layout information of a sub video stream in a composite stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Layout information of a sub video stream in a composite stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class VideoLayout {
  channelId?: string;
  uid?: number;
  strUid?: string;
  x?: number;
  y?: number;
  width?: number;
  height?: number;
  videoState?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">@JsonSerializable(explicitToJson: true, includeIfNull: false)
class VideoLayout {
  const VideoLayout(
      {this.channelId,
      this.uid,
      this.strUid,
      this.x,
      this.y,
      this.width,
      this.height,
      this.videoState});
  @JsonKey(name: 'channelId')
  final String? channelId;
  @JsonKey(name: 'uid')
  final int? uid;
  @JsonKey(name: 'strUid')
  final String? strUid;
  @JsonKey(name: 'x')
  final int? x;
  @JsonKey(name: 'y')
  final int? y;
  @JsonKey(name: 'width')
  final int? width;
  @JsonKey(name: 'height')
  final int? height;
  @JsonKey(name: 'videoState')
  final int? videoState;
  factory VideoLayout.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$VideoLayoutFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$VideoLayoutToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class VideoLayout
                {
                    public string channelId;
                    public uint uid;
                    public string strUid;
                    public uint x;
                    public uint y
                    public uint width;
                    public uint height;
                    public uint videoState;
                }</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>channelId</pt>
                    <pd>Channel name to which the sub-video stream belongs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID that publishes the sub-video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>strUid</pt>
                    <pd>Reserved parameter.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>x</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate (px) of the sub-video on the composite canvas. It represents the horizontal offset of the top-left corner of the sub-video relative to the top-left corner (origin) of the canvas.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>y</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate (px) of the sub-video on the composite canvas. It represents the vertical offset of the top-left corner of the sub-video relative to the top-left corner (origin) of the canvas.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>Width of the sub-video stream (px).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>Height of the sub-video stream (px).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>videoState</pt>
                    <pd>State of the sub-video stream on the composite canvas.
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: Normal. The video stream has been rendered on the canvas.</li>
                            <li>1: Placeholder. The video stream has no video content and is displayed as a placeholder.</li>
                            <li>2: Black image. The video stream is replaced by a black image.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>channelId</pt>
                    <pd>Channel name to which the sub video stream belongs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID that publishes the sub video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>strUid</pt>
                    <pd>Reserved parameter.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>x</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate (px) of the sub video stream on the composite canvas. That is, the horizontal offset of the top-left corner of the sub video stream relative to the top-left corner (origin) of the composite canvas.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>y</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate (px) of the sub video stream on the composite canvas. That is, the vertical offset of the top-left corner of the sub video stream relative to the top-left corner (origin) of the composite canvas.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>Width of the sub video stream (px).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>Height of the sub video stream (px)</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>videoState</pt>
                    <pd>State of the sub video stream on the composite canvas.
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: Normal. The video stream is rendered on the composite canvas.</li>
                            <li>1: Placeholder. The video stream has no video frame and is displayed as a placeholder on the composite canvas.</li>
                            <li>2: Black image. The video stream is replaced with a black image.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>channelId</pt>
                    <pd>Channel name to which the sub video stream belongs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID that publishes the sub video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>strUid</pt>
                    <pd>Reserved parameter.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>x</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate (px) of the sub video stream on the composite canvas. That is, the horizontal offset of the top-left corner of the sub video relative to the top-left corner (origin) of the canvas.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>y</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate (px) of the sub video stream on the composite canvas. That is, the vertical offset of the top-left corner of the sub video relative to the top-left corner (origin) of the canvas.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>Width (px) of the sub video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>Height (px) of the sub video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>videoState</pt>
                    <pd>State of the sub video stream on the composite canvas.
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: Normal. The video stream is rendered on the canvas.</li>
                            <li>1: Placeholder. The video stream has no video content and is displayed as a placeholder on the canvas.</li>
                            <li>2: Black image. The video stream is replaced with a black image.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>