<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_screencaptureconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="ScreenCaptureConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Screen capture configuration.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Screen capture configuration.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Screen capture configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ScreenCaptureConfiguration {
  
  isCaptureWindow?: boolean;
  
  displayId?: number;
  
  screenRect?: Rectangle;
  
  windowId?: any;
  
  params?: ScreenCaptureParameters;
  
  regionRect?: Rectangle;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class ScreenCaptureConfiguration {
  const ScreenCaptureConfiguration(
      {this.isCaptureWindow,
      this.displayId,
      this.screenRect,
      this.windowId,
      this.params,
      this.regionRect});

  @JsonKey(name: 'isCaptureWindow')
  final bool? isCaptureWindow;
  @JsonKey(name: 'displayId')
  final int? displayId;
  @JsonKey(name: 'screenRect')
  final Rectangle? screenRect;
  @JsonKey(name: 'windowId')
  final int? windowId;
  @JsonKey(name: 'params')
  final ScreenCaptureParameters? params;
  @JsonKey(name: 'regionRect')
  final Rectangle? regionRect;
  factory ScreenCaptureConfiguration.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$ScreenCaptureConfigurationFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$ScreenCaptureConfigurationToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class ScreenCaptureConfiguration
    {
        public bool isCaptureWindow;
        public long displayId;
        public Rectangle screenRect;
        public long windowId;

        public ScreenCaptureParameters @params;
        public Rectangle regionRect;

        public ScreenCaptureConfiguration()
        {
            this.isCaptureWindow = false;
            this.displayId = 0;
            this.windowId = 0;
        }

        public ScreenCaptureConfiguration(bool isCaptureWindow, long displayId, Rectangle screenRect, long windowId, ScreenCaptureParameters @params, Rectangle regionRect)
        {
            this.isCaptureWindow = isCaptureWindow;
            this.displayId = displayId;
            this.screenRect = screenRect;
            this.windowId = windowId;
            this.@params = @params;
            this.regionRect = regionRect;
        }
    }</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>isCaptureWindow</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to capture a window on the screen:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Capture the window.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Capture the screen, not the window.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>displayId</pt>
                    <pd>(macOS only) Display ID of the screen.
                        <note>Use this parameter only when capturing the screen on Mac devices.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>screenRect</pt>
                    <pd>(Windows only) Position of the screen to be shared relative to the virtual screen.
                        <note>Use this parameter only when capturing the screen on Windows devices.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>windowId</pt>
                    <pd>Window ID.
                        <note>Use this parameter only when capturing a window.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>params</pt>
                    <pd>Encoding parameter configuration for the screen sharing stream. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>regionRect</pt>
                    <pd>Position of the region to be shared relative to the entire screen. See <xref keyref="Rectangle"/>. If not specified, the entire screen is shared. If the specified region exceeds the screen boundaries, only the content within the screen is shared. If the <codeph>width</codeph> or <codeph>height</codeph> in <xref keyref="Rectangle"/> is set to 0, the entire screen is shared.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>isCaptureWindow</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to capture a window on the screen:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Capture window.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Capture screen, not window.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>displayId</pt>
                    <pd>(macOS only) Display ID of the screen.
                        <note>Use this parameter only when capturing the screen on Mac devices.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>screenRect</pt>
                    <pd>(Windows only) Position of the screen to be shared relative to the virtual screen.
                        <note>Use this parameter only when capturing the screen on Windows devices.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>windowId</pt>
                    <pd>(Windows and macOS only) Window ID.
                        <note>Use this parameter only when capturing a window.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>params</pt>
                    <pd>(Windows and macOS only) Encoding parameter configuration for screen sharing stream. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>regionRect</pt>
                    <pd>(Windows and macOS only) Position of the region to be shared relative to the entire screen. See <xref keyref="Rectangle"/>. If not set, the entire screen is shared. If the specified region exceeds screen boundaries, only the content within the screen is shared. If <codeph>width</codeph> or <codeph>height</codeph> in <xref keyref="Rectangle"/> is set to 0, the entire screen is shared.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>isCaptureWindow</pt>
                    <pd>Whether to capture a window on the screen:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Capture the window.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: (Default) Capture the screen, not the window.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>displayId</pt>
                    <pd>(macOS only) The display ID of the screen.
                        <note>Use this parameter only when capturing the screen on Mac devices.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>screenRect</pt>
                    <pd>(Windows only) The position of the screen to be shared relative to the virtual screen.
                        <note>Use this parameter only when capturing the screen on Windows devices.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>windowId</pt>
                    <pd>(Windows and macOS only) The window ID.
                        <note>Use this parameter only when capturing a window.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>parameters</pt>
                    <pd>(Windows and macOS only) Encoding parameter configuration for screen sharing stream. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>regionRect</pt>
                    <pd>(Windows and macOS only) The position of the region to be shared relative to the entire screen. See <xref keyref="Rectangle"/>. If not set, the entire screen is shared. If the shared region exceeds the screen boundaries, only the content within the screen is shared. If the <codeph>width</codeph> or <codeph>height</codeph> in <xref keyref="Rectangle"/> is set to 0, the entire screen is shared.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>