<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_contentinspectmodule">
    <title><ph keyref="ContentInspectModule"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron"><xref keyref="ContentInspectModule"/> structure used to configure the frequency of local screenshot uploads.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn"><xref keyref="ContentInspectModule"/> struct used to configure the frequency of local screenshot uploads.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter"><xref keyref="ContentInspectModule"/> struct for configuring the upload frequency of local screenshots.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">The <xref keyref="ContentInspectModule"/> struct is used to configure the frequency of local screenshot uploads.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ContentInspectModule {

  type?: ContentInspectType;

  interval?: number;

  position?: VideoModulePosition;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ContentInspectModule {

  type?: ContentInspectType;

  interval?: VideoModulePosition;

  position?: VideoModulePosition;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class ContentInspectModule {

  const ContentInspectModule({this.type, this.interval, this.position});
  @JsonKey(name: 'type')
  final ContentInspectType? type;
  @JsonKey(name: 'interval')
  final int? interval;
  @JsonKey(name: 'position')
  final VideoModulePosition? position;
  factory ContentInspectModule.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$ContentInspectModuleFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$ContentInspectModuleToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class ContentInspectModule
    {
        public CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE type;
        public uint interval;
        public VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION position;

        public ContentInspectModule()
        {
            type = CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE.CONTENT_INSPECT_INVALID;
            interval = 0;
            position = VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION.POSITION_POST_CAPTURER;
        }
    };</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>type</pt>
                    <pd>Type of function module. See <xref keyref="CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>interval</pt>
                    <pd>Interval for local screenshot uploads in seconds. The value must be greater than 0. Default is 0, which means no screenshot upload. Recommended value is 10 seconds, but you can adjust it based on your business needs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Position of the video observer. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>type</pt>
                    <pd>Type of function module. See <xref keyref="CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>interval</pt>
                    <pd>Interval for local screenshot uploads in seconds. The value must be greater than 0. Default is 0, which means no screenshot upload. Recommended value is 10 seconds, but you can adjust it based on your business needs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Position of the video observer. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>type</pt>
                    <pd>The type of function module. See <xref keyref="CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>interval</pt>
                    <pd>Interval for uploading local screenshots, in seconds. The value must be greater than 0. Default is 0, meaning no screenshot upload. Recommended value is 10 seconds, but you can adjust it based on your business requirements.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Position of the video observer. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>type</pt>
                    <pd>Type of functional module. See <xref keyref="CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>interval</pt>
                    <pd>Interval for local screenshot upload, in seconds. The value must be greater than 0. Default is 0, which means no screenshot upload. Recommended value is 10 seconds, but you can adjust it based on your business needs.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Position of the video observer. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>