<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_simulcaststreamconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="SimulcastStreamConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Configuration for the low-quality video stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Configuration for video simulcast stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Configuration for the video low stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Configuration for video low stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class SimulcastStreamConfig {
  dimensions?: VideoDimensions;
  kBitrate?: number;
  framerate?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class SimulcastStreamConfig {
  dimensions?: VideoDimensions;
  kBitrate?: number;
  framerate?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class SimulcastStreamConfig {
  const SimulcastStreamConfig({this.dimensions, this.kBitrate, this.framerate});

  @JsonKey(name: 'dimensions')
  final VideoDimensions? dimensions;
  @JsonKey(name: 'kBitrate')
  final int? kBitrate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'framerate')
  final int? framerate;
  factory SimulcastStreamConfig.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$SimulcastStreamConfigFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$SimulcastStreamConfigToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class SimulcastStreamConfig
    {
        public VideoDimensions dimensions;
        public int kBitrate;
        public int framerate;
    };</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>dimensions</pt>
                    <pd>Video dimensions. See <xref keyref="VideoDimensions"/>. The default value is 50% of the high-quality video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>kBitrate</pt>
                    <pd>Video bitrate (Kbps). The default value is -1. You do not need to set this parameter. The SDK automatically selects the optimal bitrate based on the configured video resolution and frame rate.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>framerate</pt>
                    <pd>Video frame rate (fps). The default value is 5.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>dimensions</pt>
                    <pd>Video dimensions. See <xref keyref="VideoDimensions"/>. The default value is 50% of the main stream resolution.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>kBitrate</pt>
                    <pd>Video bitrate (Kbps), default is -1. This parameter does not need to be set; the SDK will automatically match the most appropriate bitrate based on the resolution and frame rate you set.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>framerate</pt>
                    <pd>Video frame rate (fps). Default is 5.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>dimensions</pt>
                    <pd>Video dimensions. See <xref keyref="VideoDimensions"/>. The default value is 50% of the high stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>kBitrate</pt>
                    <pd>Video bitrate (Kbps). The default value is -1. You don't need to set this parameter. The SDK automatically selects the optimal bitrate based on the resolution and frame rate you set.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>framerate</pt>
                    <pd>Video frame rate (fps). The default value is 5.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>dimensions</pt>
                    <pd>Video resolution. See <xref keyref="VideoDimensions"/>. Default is 50% of the high stream resolution.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>kBitrate</pt>
                    <pd>Video bitrate (Kbps), default is -1. This parameter does not need to be set; the SDK automatically matches the optimal bitrate based on the configured resolution and frame rate.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>framerate</pt>
                    <pd>Video frame rate (fps). Default is 5.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>