<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_transcodinguser">
    <title><ph keyref="TranscodingUser"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Settings for each host participating in the transcoding mix.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Settings for each host participating in the transcoding mix.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Settings for each host involved in transcoding and mixing.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Settings for each host participating in the transcoding mix.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class TranscodingUser {
  uid?: number
  x?: number
  y?: number
  width?: number
  height?: number
  zOrder?: number
  alpha?: number
  audioChannel?: number
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class TranscodingUser {
  uid?: number;
  x?: number;
  y?: number;
  width?: number;
  height?: number;
  zOrder?: number;
  alpha?: number;
  audioChannel?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class TranscodingUser {
  const TranscodingUser(
      {this.uid,
      this.x,
      this.y,
      this.width,
      this.height,
      this.zOrder,
      this.alpha,
      this.audioChannel});

  @JsonKey(name: 'uid')
  final int? uid;
  @JsonKey(name: 'x')
  final int? x;
  @JsonKey(name: 'y')
  final int? y;
  @JsonKey(name: 'width')
  final int? width;
  @JsonKey(name: 'height')
  final int? height;
  @JsonKey(name: 'zOrder')
  final int? zOrder;
  @JsonKey(name: 'alpha')
  final double? alpha;
  @JsonKey(name: 'audioChannel')
  final int? audioChannel;
  factory TranscodingUser.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$TranscodingUserFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$TranscodingUserToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class TranscodingUser
    {
        public TranscodingUser()
        {
            uid = 0;
            x = 0;
            y = 0;
            width = 0;
            height = 0;
            zOrder = 0;
            alpha = 1.0;
            audioChannel = 0;
        }

        public TranscodingUser(uint uid, int x, int y, int width, int height, int zOrder, double alpha,
            int audioChannel)
        {
            this.uid = uid;
            this.x = x;
            this.y = y;
            this.width = width;
            this.height = height;
            this.zOrder = zOrder;
            this.alpha = alpha;
            this.audioChannel = audioChannel;
        }

        public uint uid { set; get; }
        public int x { set; get; }
        public int y { set; get; }
        public int width { set; get; }
        public int height { set; get; }
        public int zOrder { set; get; }
        public double alpha { set; get; }
        public int audioChannel { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID of the host.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>x</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate (px) of the host's video on the output video, with the top-left corner of the output video as the origin. Value range: [0,width], where <codeph>width</codeph> is set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>y</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate (px) of the host's video on the output video, with the top-left corner of the output video as the origin. Value range: [0,height], where <codeph>height</codeph> is set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>Width (px) of the host's video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>Height (px) of the host's video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>zOrder</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>If the value is less than 0 or greater than 100, <codeph>ErrInvalidArgument</codeph> is returned.</li>
                                <li>Setting <codeph>zOrder</codeph> to 0 is supported.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note><ph>Layer index of the host's video. Value range: [0,100].</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Default) Video is at the bottom layer.</li>
                            <li>100: Video is at the top layer.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>alpha</pt>
                    <pd>Transparency of the host's video. Value range: [0.0,1.0].
                        <ul>
                            <li>0.0: Fully transparent.</li>
                            <li>1.0: (Default) Fully opaque.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>audioChannel</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>When the value is not <codeph>0</codeph>, a special player is required.</note><ph>Audio channel used by the host in the output audio. Default is 0. Value range: [0,5]:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>0</codeph>: (Recommended) Default audio mixing setting. Supports up to stereo, depending on the host's upstream audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>1</codeph>: Host audio in the FL channel of the output. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it down to mono.</li>
                            <li><codeph>2</codeph>: Host audio in the FC channel of the output. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it down to mono.</li>
                            <li><codeph>3</codeph>: Host audio in the FR channel of the output. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it down to mono.</li>
                            <li><codeph>4</codeph>: Host audio in the BL channel of the output. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it down to mono.</li>
                            <li><codeph>5</codeph>: Host audio in the BR channel of the output. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it down to mono.</li>
                            <li><codeph>0xFF</codeph> or values greater than <codeph>5</codeph>: The host's audio is muted and removed by the Agora server.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID of the host.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>x</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate (px) of the host's video in the output video, using the top-left corner of the output video as the origin. Value range: [0,width], where <codeph>width</codeph> is set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>y</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate (px) of the host's video in the output video, using the top-left corner of the output video as the origin. Value range: [0,height], where <codeph>height</codeph> is set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>Width (px) of the host's video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>Height (px) of the host's video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>zOrder</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>If the value is less than 0 or greater than 100, an <codeph>ErrInvalidArgument</codeph> error is returned.</li>
                                <li>Setting <codeph>zOrder</codeph> to 0 is supported.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note><ph>The layer index of the host's video. Value range: [0,100].</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Default) Video is at the bottom layer.</li>
                            <li>100: Video is at the top layer.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>alpha</pt>
                    <pd>Transparency of the host's video. Value range: [0.0,1.0].
                        <ul>
                            <li>0.0: Fully transparent.</li>
                            <li>1.0: (Default) Fully opaque.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>audioChannel</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>When the value is not <codeph>0</codeph>, a special player is required.</note><ph>The audio channel occupied by the host's audio in the output audio. Default is 0. Value range: [0,5]:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>0</codeph>: (Recommended) Default audio mixing setting, supports up to stereo, related to the host's upstream audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>1</codeph>: Host audio in the FL channel of the output audio. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono first.</li>
                            <li><codeph>2</codeph>: Host audio in the FC channel of the output audio. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono first.</li>
                            <li><codeph>3</codeph>: Host audio in the FR channel of the output audio. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono first.</li>
                            <li><codeph>4</codeph>: Host audio in the BL channel of the output audio. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono first.</li>
                            <li><codeph>5</codeph>: Host audio in the BR channel of the output audio. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono first.</li>
                            <li><codeph>0xFF</codeph> or values greater than <codeph>5</codeph>: The host's audio is muted and removed by the Agora server.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID of the host.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>x</pt>
                    <pd>X-coordinate (px) of the host video in the output video, with the top-left corner of the output video as the origin. Value range: [0, width], where <codeph>width</codeph> is set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>y</pt>
                    <pd>Y-coordinate (px) of the host video in the output video, with the top-left corner of the output video as the origin. Value range: [0, height], where <codeph>height</codeph> is set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>Width of the host video (px).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>Height of the host video (px).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>zOrder</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>If the value is less than 0 or greater than 100, an <codeph>errInvalidArgument</codeph> error is returned.</li>
                                <li>Setting <codeph>zOrder</codeph> to 0 is supported.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note><ph>Layer number of the host video. Value range: [0,100].</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Default) Video is at the bottom layer.</li>
                            <li>100: Video is at the top layer.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>alpha</pt>
                    <pd>Transparency of the host video. Value range: [0.0, 1.0].
                        <ul>
                            <li>0.0: Fully transparent.</li>
                            <li>1.0: (Default) Fully opaque.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioChannel</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>When the value is not <codeph>0</codeph>, a special player is required.</note><ph>Audio channel occupied by the host audio in the output audio. Default is 0. Value range: [0,5]:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>0</codeph>: (Recommended) Default audio mixing setting, supports up to stereo, related to the host's upstream audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>1</codeph>: Host audio in the FL channel of the output audio. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono.</li>
                            <li><codeph>2</codeph>: Host audio in the FC channel of the output audio. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono.</li>
                            <li><codeph>3</codeph>: Host audio in the FR channel of the output audio. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono.</li>
                            <li><codeph>4</codeph>: Host audio in the BL channel of the output audio. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono.</li>
                            <li><codeph>5</codeph>: Host audio in the BR channel of the output audio. If the host's upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono.</li>
                            <li><codeph>0xFF</codeph> or values greater than <codeph>5</codeph>: The host audio is muted, and the Agora server removes the host's audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>User ID of the host.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>x</pt>
                    <pd>The x-coordinate (px) of the host video in the output video, with the top-left corner of the output video as the origin. Value range: [0,width], where <codeph>width</codeph> is set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>y</pt>
                    <pd>The y-coordinate (px) of the host video in the output video, with the top-left corner of the output video as the origin. Value range: [0,height], where <codeph>height</codeph> is set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>Width (px) of the host video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>Height (px) of the host video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>zOrder</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>If the value is less than 0 or greater than 100, the error <codeph>ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT</codeph> is returned.</li>
                                <li>Setting <codeph>zOrder</codeph> to 0 is supported.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note><ph>Layer number of the host video. Value range: [0,100].</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li>0: (Default) Video is at the bottom layer.</li>
                            <li>100: Video is at the top layer.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>alpha</pt>
                    <pd>Transparency of the host video. Value range: [0.0,1.0].
                        <ul>
                            <li>0.0: Fully transparent.</li>
                            <li>1.0: (Default) Fully opaque.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>audioChannel</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>When the value is not <codeph>0</codeph>, a special player is required.</note><ph>The audio channel occupied by the host's audio in the output audio. Default is 0. Value range: [0,5]:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><codeph>0</codeph>: (Recommended) Default audio mixing setting, supports up to stereo, related to the host's upstream audio.</li>
                            <li><codeph>1</codeph>: Host audio is in the FL channel of the output audio. If the upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono first.</li>
                            <li><codeph>2</codeph>: Host audio is in the FC channel of the output audio. If the upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono first.</li>
                            <li><codeph>3</codeph>: Host audio is in the FR channel of the output audio. If the upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono first.</li>
                            <li><codeph>4</codeph>: Host audio is in the BL channel of the output audio. If the upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono first.</li>
                            <li><codeph>5</codeph>: Host audio is in the BR channel of the output audio. If the upstream audio is multi-channel, the Agora server mixes it into mono first.</li>
                            <li><codeph>0xFF</codeph> or values greater than <codeph>5</codeph>: This host's audio is muted, and the Agora server removes the host's audio.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>