<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_musiccollection">
    <title><ph keyref="MusicCollection"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Detailed information of a music resource list.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Detailed information about the music resource list.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Detailed information about a list of music resources.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Detailed information about the music resource list.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export abstract class MusicCollection {
  abstract getCount(): number;
  abstract getTotal(): number;
  abstract getPage(): number;
  abstract getPageSize(): number;
  abstract getMusic(index: number): Music;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export abstract class MusicCollection {
  abstract getCount(): number;
  abstract getTotal(): number;
  abstract getPage(): number;
  abstract getPageSize(): number;
  abstract getMusic(index: number): Music;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">abstract class MusicCollection {
  int getCount();

  int getTotal();

  int getPage();

  int getPageSize();

  Music getMusic(int index);
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class MusicCollection
    {
        public int count;
        public int total;
        public int page;
        public int pageSize;
        public Music[] music;
    };</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>count</pt>
                    <pd>The number of music items in the music resource list for this request.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>total</pt>
                    <pd>The total number of music resources in the list.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>page</pt>
                    <pd>The current page number, starting from 1 by default.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>pageSize</pt>
                    <pd>The total number of pages in the current music resource list, with a maximum value of 50.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>musicList</pt>
                    <pd>Detailed information about the music resources on the current page. See <xref keyref="Music"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>