<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_virtualbackgroundsource">
    <title><ph keyref="VirtualBackgroundSource"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Custom background.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Custom background.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Custom background.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Custom background.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class VirtualBackgroundSource {
  
  background_source_type?: BackgroundSourceType;
  
  color?: number;
  
  source?: string;
  
  blur_degree?: BackgroundBlurDegree;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class VirtualBackgroundSource {
  
  background_source_type?: BackgroundSourceType;
  
  color?: number;
  
  source?: string;
  
  blur_degree?: BackgroundBlurDegree;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class VirtualBackgroundSource {
  const VirtualBackgroundSource(
      {this.backgroundSourceType, this.color, this.source, this.blurDegree});

  @JsonKey(name: 'background_source_type')
  final BackgroundSourceType? backgroundSourceType;
  @JsonKey(name: 'color')
  final int? color;
  @JsonKey(name: 'source')
  final String? source;
  @JsonKey(name: 'blur_degree')
  final BackgroundBlurDegree? blurDegree;
  factory VirtualBackgroundSource.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$VirtualBackgroundSourceFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$VirtualBackgroundSourceToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class VirtualBackgroundSource
    {
        public VirtualBackgroundSource()
        {
            background_source_type = BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE.BACKGROUND_COLOR;
            color = 0xffffff;
            source = "";
            blur_degree = BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE.BLUR_DEGREE_HIGH;
        }
        public BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE background_source_type;
        public uint color;
        public string source;
        public BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE blur_degree;
    };</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>background_source_type</pt>
                    <pd>Custom background. See <xref keyref="BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>color</pt>
                    <pd>Color of the custom background image. The format is a hexadecimal integer defined in RGB, without the # symbol. For example, 0xFFB6C1 represents light pink. The default value is 0xFFFFFF, which represents white. The valid range is [0x000000, 0xffffff]. If the value is invalid, the SDK replaces the original background image with a white background.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when the custom background is of the following types:
                            <ul>
                                <li>BackgroundColor: The background image is a solid color image of the color specified by this parameter.</li>
                                <li>BackgroundImg: If the image in <codeph>source</codeph> has a transparent background, the color specified by this parameter is used to fill the transparent area.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>source</pt>
                    <pd>Absolute local path of the custom background. Supports PNG, JPG, MP4, AVI, MKV, and FLV formats. If the path is invalid, the SDK uses the original background image or the solid color background specified by <codeph>color</codeph>.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when the custom background type is BackgroundImg or BackgroundVideo.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>blur_degree</pt>
                    <pd>Blur level of the custom background image. See <xref keyref="BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE"/>.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when the custom background type is BackgroundBlur.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>background_source_type</pt>
                    <pd>Custom background. See <xref keyref="BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>color</pt>
                    <pd>Color of the custom background image. Format is a hexadecimal integer in RGB without the # symbol, e.g., 0xFFB6C1 represents light pink. Default is 0xFFFFFF (white). Valid range is [0x000000, 0xffffff]. If the value is invalid, the SDK replaces the background with white.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when the custom background is one of the following types:
                            <ul>
                                <li><codeph>BackgroundColor</codeph>: The background is a solid color image of the specified color.</li>
                                <li><codeph>BackgroundImg</codeph>: If the image in <codeph>source</codeph> has a transparent background, the transparent area is filled with the specified color.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>source</pt>
                    <pd>Absolute local path of the custom background. Supports PNG, JPG, MP4, AVI, MKV, and FLV formats. If the path is invalid, the SDK uses the original background or the solid color specified by <codeph>color</codeph>.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when the custom background type is <codeph>BackgroundImg</codeph> or <codeph>BackgroundVideo</codeph>.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>blur_degree</pt>
                    <pd>Blur level of the custom background. See <xref keyref="BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE"/>.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when the custom background type is <codeph>BackgroundBlur</codeph>.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>backgroundSourceType</pt>
                    <pd>Custom background. See <xref keyref="BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>color</pt>
                    <pd>Color of the custom background image. The format is a hexadecimal integer defined in RGB, without the # symbol. For example, 0xFFB6C1 represents light pink. The default value is 0xFFFFFF, which represents white. The valid range is [0x000000, 0xffffff]. If the value is invalid, the SDK will replace the original background image with a white background.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when the custom background is one of the following types:
                            <ul>
                                <li>backgroundColor: The background image is a solid color image of the color passed in this parameter.</li>
                                <li>backgroundImg: If the image in <codeph>source</codeph> has a transparent background, the color passed in this parameter will be used to fill the transparent background.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>source</pt>
                    <pd>The absolute local path of the custom background. Supports PNG, JPG, MP4, AVI, MKV, and FLV formats. If the path is invalid, the SDK will use the original background image or a solid color background specified by <codeph>color</codeph>.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when the custom background type is backgroundImg or backgroundVideo.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>blurDegree</pt>
                    <pd>The blur level of the custom background image.
                        <note>This parameter takes effect only when the custom background type is backgroundBlur.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>background_source_type</pt>
                    <pd>Custom background. See <xref keyref="BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>color</pt>
                    <pd>Color of the custom background image. Format is a hexadecimal integer under RGB definition, without the # symbol, e.g., 0xFFB6C1 represents light pink. Default value is 0xFFFFFF, which represents white. Value range is [0x000000, 0xffffff]. If the value is invalid, the SDK replaces the original background with a white background.
                        <note>This parameter only takes effect when the custom background is one of the following types:
                            <ul>
                                <li>BACKGROUND_COLOR: The background image is a solid color image of the specified color.</li>
                                <li>BACKGROUND_IMG: If the image in <codeph>source</codeph> has a transparent background, the transparent area is filled with the specified color.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>source</pt>
                    <pd>Absolute local path to the custom background. Supports PNG, JPG, MP4, AVI, MKV, and FLV formats. If the path is invalid, the SDK uses the original background or the solid color specified by <codeph>color</codeph>.
                        <note>This parameter only takes effect when the custom background type is BACKGROUND_IMG or BACKGROUND_VIDEO.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>blur_degree</pt>
                    <pd>Blur level of the custom background. See <xref keyref="BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE"/>.
                        <note>This parameter only takes effect when the custom background type is BACKGROUND_BLUR.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>