<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_videoviewcontrollerbase">
    <title><ph keyref="VideoViewControllerBase"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">The controller for <xref keyref="AgoraVideoView"/>, used to render local and remote video.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">abstract class VideoViewControllerBase {
  RtcEngine get rtcEngine;
  VideoCanvas get canvas;
  RtcConnection? get connection;
  bool get useFlutterTexture;
  bool get useAndroidSurfaceView;
  Future&lt;void&gt; dispose();
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="flutter">
            <p props="flutter">On different platforms, the default view corresponding to this class varies:
                <ul>
                    <li>Android: https://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/TextureView. If you want to use [SurfaceView](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/SurfaceView), set the <codeph>useAndroidSurfaceView</codeph> property to <xref keyref="true"/>.</li>
                    <li>iOS: [UIView](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiview). If you want to use [FlutterTexture](https://api.flutter.dev/macos-embedder/protocol_flutter_texture-p.html), set the <codeph>useFlutterTexture</codeph> property to <xref keyref="true"/>.</li>
                    <li>macOS and Windows: [FlutterTexture](https://api.flutter.dev/macos-embedder/protocol_flutter_texture-p.html).</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="flutter">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>rtcEngine</pt>
                    <pd><xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>canvas</pt>
                    <pd>Local video display properties. See <xref keyref="VideoCanvas"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>connection</pt>
                    <pd>Connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>useFlutterTexture</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note><codeph>FlutterTexture</codeph> is only available on iOS, macOS, and Windows platforms.</note><ph>Whether to use <codeph>FlutterTexture</codeph> to render video:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Use <codeph>FlutterTexture</codeph> to render video.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not use <codeph>FlutterTexture</codeph> to render video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>useAndroidSurfaceView</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <note>Android <codeph>SurfaceView</codeph> is only available on Android platform.</note><ph>Whether to use Android <codeph>SurfaceView</codeph> to render video:</ph>
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref keyref="true"/>: Use Android <codeph>SurfaceView</codeph> to render video.</li>
                            <li><xref keyref="false"/>: Do not use Android <codeph>SurfaceView</codeph> to render video.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>