<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_rtcstats">
    <title><ph keyref="RtcStats"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Call-related statistics.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Call-related statistics.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Call-related statistics.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Call-related statistics.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class RtcStats {
  
  duration?: number;
  
  txBytes?: number;
  
  rxBytes?: number;
  
  txAudioBytes?: number;
  
  txVideoBytes?: number;
  
  rxAudioBytes?: number;
  
  rxVideoBytes?: number;
  
  txKBitRate?: number;
  
  rxKBitRate?: number;
  
  rxAudioKBitRate?: number;
  
  txAudioKBitRate?: number;
  
  rxVideoKBitRate?: number;
  
  txVideoKBitRate?: number;
  
  lastmileDelay?: number;
  
  userCount?: number;
  
  cpuAppUsage?: number;
  
  cpuTotalUsage?: number;
  
  gatewayRtt?: number;
  
  memoryAppUsageRatio?: number;
  
  memoryTotalUsageRatio?: number;
  
  memoryAppUsageInKbytes?: number;
  
  connectTimeMs?: number;
  
  firstAudioPacketDuration?: number;
  
  firstVideoPacketDuration?: number;
  
  firstVideoKeyFramePacketDuration?: number;
  
  packetsBeforeFirstKeyFramePacket?: number;
  
  firstAudioPacketDurationAfterUnmute?: number;
  
  firstVideoPacketDurationAfterUnmute?: number;
  
  firstVideoKeyFramePacketDurationAfterUnmute?: number;
  
  firstVideoKeyFrameDecodedDurationAfterUnmute?: number;
  
  firstVideoKeyFrameRenderedDurationAfterUnmute?: number;
  
  txPacketLossRate?: number;
  
  rxPacketLossRate?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class RtcStats {
  
  duration?: number;
  
  txBytes?: number;
  
  rxBytes?: number;
  
  txAudioBytes?: number;
  
  txVideoBytes?: number;
  
  rxAudioBytes?: number;
  
  rxVideoBytes?: number;
  
  txKBitRate?: number;
  
  rxKBitRate?: number;
  
  rxAudioKBitRate?: number;
  
  txAudioKBitRate?: number;
  
  rxVideoKBitRate?: number;
  
  txVideoKBitRate?: number;
  
  lastmileDelay?: number;
  
  userCount?: number;
  
  cpuAppUsage?: number;
  
  cpuTotalUsage?: number;
  
  gatewayRtt?: number;
  
  memoryAppUsageRatio?: number;
  
  memoryTotalUsageRatio?: number;
  
  memoryAppUsageInKbytes?: number;
  
  connectTimeMs?: number;
  
  firstAudioPacketDuration?: number;
  
  firstVideoPacketDuration?: number;
  
  firstVideoKeyFramePacketDuration?: number;
  
  packetsBeforeFirstKeyFramePacket?: number;
  
  firstAudioPacketDurationAfterUnmute?: number;
  
  firstVideoPacketDurationAfterUnmute?: number;
  
  firstVideoKeyFramePacketDurationAfterUnmute?: number;
  
  firstVideoKeyFrameDecodedDurationAfterUnmute?: number;
  
  firstVideoKeyFrameRenderedDurationAfterUnmute?: number;
  
  txPacketLossRate?: number;
  
  rxPacketLossRate?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class RtcStats {
  const RtcStats(
      {this.duration,
      this.txBytes,
      this.rxBytes,
      this.txAudioBytes,
      this.txVideoBytes,
      this.rxAudioBytes,
      this.rxVideoBytes,
      this.txKBitRate,
      this.rxKBitRate,
      this.rxAudioKBitRate,
      this.txAudioKBitRate,
      this.rxVideoKBitRate,
      this.txVideoKBitRate,
      this.lastmileDelay,
      this.userCount,
      this.cpuAppUsage,
      this.cpuTotalUsage,
      this.gatewayRtt,
      this.memoryAppUsageRatio,
      this.memoryTotalUsageRatio,
      this.memoryAppUsageInKbytes,
      this.connectTimeMs,
      this.firstAudioPacketDuration,
      this.firstVideoPacketDuration,
      this.firstVideoKeyFramePacketDuration,
      this.packetsBeforeFirstKeyFramePacket,
      this.firstAudioPacketDurationAfterUnmute,
      this.firstVideoPacketDurationAfterUnmute,
      this.firstVideoKeyFramePacketDurationAfterUnmute,
      this.firstVideoKeyFrameDecodedDurationAfterUnmute,
      this.firstVideoKeyFrameRenderedDurationAfterUnmute,
      this.txPacketLossRate,
      this.rxPacketLossRate});

  @JsonKey(name: 'duration')
  final int? duration;
  @JsonKey(name: 'txBytes')
  final int? txBytes;
  @JsonKey(name: 'rxBytes')
  final int? rxBytes;
  @JsonKey(name: 'txAudioBytes')
  final int? txAudioBytes;
  @JsonKey(name: 'txVideoBytes')
  final int? txVideoBytes;
  @JsonKey(name: 'rxAudioBytes')
  final int? rxAudioBytes;
  @JsonKey(name: 'rxVideoBytes')
  final int? rxVideoBytes;
  @JsonKey(name: 'txKBitRate')
  final int? txKBitRate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'rxKBitRate')
  final int? rxKBitRate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'rxAudioKBitRate')
  final int? rxAudioKBitRate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'txAudioKBitRate')
  final int? txAudioKBitRate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'rxVideoKBitRate')
  final int? rxVideoKBitRate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'txVideoKBitRate')
  final int? txVideoKBitRate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'lastmileDelay')
  final int? lastmileDelay;
  @JsonKey(name: 'userCount')
  final int? userCount;
  @JsonKey(name: 'cpuAppUsage')
  final double? cpuAppUsage;
  @JsonKey(name: 'cpuTotalUsage')
  final double? cpuTotalUsage;
  @JsonKey(name: 'gatewayRtt')
  final int? gatewayRtt;
  @JsonKey(name: 'memoryAppUsageRatio')
  final double? memoryAppUsageRatio;
  @JsonKey(name: 'memoryTotalUsageRatio')
  final double? memoryTotalUsageRatio;
  @JsonKey(name: 'memoryAppUsageInKbytes')
  final int? memoryAppUsageInKbytes;
  @JsonKey(name: 'connectTimeMs')
  final int? connectTimeMs;
  @JsonKey(name: 'firstAudioPacketDuration')
  final int? firstAudioPacketDuration;
  @JsonKey(name: 'firstVideoPacketDuration')
  final int? firstVideoPacketDuration;
  @JsonKey(name: 'firstVideoKeyFramePacketDuration')
  final int? firstVideoKeyFramePacketDuration;
  @JsonKey(name: 'packetsBeforeFirstKeyFramePacket')
  final int? packetsBeforeFirstKeyFramePacket;
  @JsonKey(name: 'firstAudioPacketDurationAfterUnmute')
  final int? firstAudioPacketDurationAfterUnmute;
  @JsonKey(name: 'firstVideoPacketDurationAfterUnmute')
  final int? firstVideoPacketDurationAfterUnmute;
  @JsonKey(name: 'firstVideoKeyFramePacketDurationAfterUnmute')
  final int? firstVideoKeyFramePacketDurationAfterUnmute;
  @JsonKey(name: 'firstVideoKeyFrameDecodedDurationAfterUnmute')
  final int? firstVideoKeyFrameDecodedDurationAfterUnmute;
  @JsonKey(name: 'firstVideoKeyFrameRenderedDurationAfterUnmute')
  final int? firstVideoKeyFrameRenderedDurationAfterUnmute;
  @JsonKey(name: 'txPacketLossRate')
  final int? txPacketLossRate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'rxPacketLossRate')
  final int? rxPacketLossRate;
  factory RtcStats.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$RtcStatsFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$RtcStatsToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class RtcStats
    {
        public RtcStats()
        {
        }

        public RtcStats(uint duration, uint txBytes, uint rxBytes, uint txAudioBytes, uint txVideoBytes,
            uint rxAudioBytes, uint rxVideoBytes, UInt16 txKBitRate, UInt16 rxKBitRate, UInt16 rxAudioKBitRate,
            UInt16 txAudioKBitRate, UInt16 rxVideoKBitRate, UInt16 txVideoKBitRate, UInt16 lastmileDelay,
            uint userCount, double cpuAppUsage, double cpuTotalUsage, int gatewayRtt,
            double memoryAppUsageRatio, double memoryTotalUsageRatio, int memoryAppUsageInKbytes, int connectTimeMs, int txPacketLossRate, int rxPacketLossRate)
        {
            this.duration = duration;
            this.txBytes = txBytes;
            this.rxBytes = rxBytes;
            this.txAudioBytes = txAudioBytes;
            this.txVideoBytes = txVideoBytes;
            this.rxAudioBytes = rxAudioBytes;
            this.rxVideoBytes = rxVideoBytes;
            this.txKBitRate = txKBitRate;
            this.rxKBitRate = rxKBitRate;
            this.rxAudioKBitRate = rxAudioKBitRate;
            this.txAudioKBitRate = txAudioKBitRate;
            this.rxVideoKBitRate = rxVideoKBitRate;
            this.txVideoKBitRate = txVideoKBitRate;
            this.lastmileDelay = lastmileDelay;
            this.userCount = userCount;
            this.cpuAppUsage = cpuAppUsage;
            this.cpuTotalUsage = cpuTotalUsage;
            this.gatewayRtt = gatewayRtt;
            this.memoryAppUsageRatio = memoryAppUsageRatio;
            this.memoryTotalUsageRatio = memoryTotalUsageRatio;
            this.memoryAppUsageInKbytes = memoryAppUsageInKbytes;
            this.connectTimeMs = connectTimeMs;
            this.txPacketLossRate = txPacketLossRate;
            this.rxPacketLossRate = rxPacketLossRate;
        }
        public uint duration { set; get; }
        public uint txBytes { set; get; }
        public uint rxBytes { set; get; }
        public uint txAudioBytes { set; get; }
        public uint txVideoBytes { set; get; }
        public uint rxAudioBytes { set; get; }
        public uint rxVideoBytes { set; get; }
        public ushort txKBitRate { set; get; }
        public ushort rxKBitRate { set; get; }
        public ushort rxAudioKBitRate { set; get; }
        public ushort txAudioKBitRate { set; get; }
        public ushort rxVideoKBitRate { set; get; }
        public ushort txVideoKBitRate { set; get; }
        public ushort lastmileDelay { set; get; }
        public uint userCount { set; get; }
        public double cpuAppUsage { set; get; }
        public double cpuTotalUsage { set; get; }
        public int gatewayRtt { set; get; }
        public double memoryAppUsageRatio { set; get; }
        public double memoryTotalUsageRatio { set; get; }
        public int memoryAppUsageInKbytes { set; get; }
        public int connectTimeMs { set; get; }
        public int txPacketLossRate { set; get; }
        public int rxPacketLossRate { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>duration</pt>
                    <pd>Call duration (seconds) of the local user, cumulative.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>txBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Bytes sent.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>rxBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Bytes received.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>txAudioBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Audio bytes sent, cumulative.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>txVideoBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Video bytes sent, cumulative.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>rxAudioBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Audio bytes received, cumulative.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>rxVideoBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Video bytes received, cumulative.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>txKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>rxKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>rxAudioKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Audio receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>txAudioKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Audio sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>rxVideoKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Video receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>txVideoKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Video sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>lastmileDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Client-to-access server delay (ms).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>txPacketLossRate</pt>
                    <pd>Uplink packet loss rate (%) before applying anti-packet-loss technology.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>rxPacketLossRate</pt>
                    <pd>Downlink packet loss rate (%) before applying anti-packet-loss technology.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>userCount</pt>
                    <pd>Number of users in the current channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>cpuAppUsage</pt>
                    <pd>CPU usage (%) of the current App.
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>The <codeph>cpuAppUsage</codeph> reported in the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback is always 0.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>cpuTotalUsage</pt>
                    <pd>CPU usage (%) of the current system.
On Windows platforms with multi-core CPUs, this represents the average usage across all cores. Calculated as (100 - CPU usage of the System Idle Process shown in Task Manager)/100.
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>The <codeph>cpuTotalUsage</codeph> reported in the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback is always 0.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>connectTimeMs</pt>
                    <pd>Time (ms) from starting to establish the connection to successful connection. A value of 0 indicates invalid.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>gatewayRtt</pt>
                    <pd>Round-trip time (ms) from the client to the local router.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>memoryAppUsageRatio</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage ratio (%) of the current App.
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be retrievable due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>memoryTotalUsageRatio</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage ratio (%) of the current system.
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be retrievable due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>memoryAppUsageInKbytes</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage (KB) of the current App.
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be retrievable due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>duration</pt>
                    <pd>Call duration of the local user (seconds), cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>txBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Number of bytes sent.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>rxBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Number of bytes received.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>txAudioBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Number of audio bytes sent, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>txVideoBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Number of video bytes sent, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>rxAudioBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Number of audio bytes received, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>rxVideoBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Number of video bytes received, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>txKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>rxKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>rxAudioKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Audio receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>txAudioKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Audio sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>rxVideoKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Video receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>txVideoKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Video sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>lastmileDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Client-to-access-server latency (ms).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>txPacketLossRate</pt>
                    <pd>Uplink packet loss rate (%) from client to server before anti-packet-loss technique is applied.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>rxPacketLossRate</pt>
                    <pd>Downlink packet loss rate (%) from server to client before anti-packet-loss technique is applied.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>userCount</pt>
                    <pd>Number of users in the current channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>cpuAppUsage</pt>
                    <pd>CPU usage (%) of the current app.
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>The <codeph>cpuAppUsage</codeph> reported in the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback is always 0.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>cpuTotalUsage</pt>
                    <pd>CPU usage (%) of the current system.
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>The <codeph>cpuTotalUsage</codeph> reported in the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback is always 0.</li>
                                <li>Since Android 8.1, due to system limitations, you cannot obtain CPU usage through this property.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>connectTimeMs</pt>
                    <pd>Time from starting connection to successful connection (ms). A value of 0 indicates invalid.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>gatewayRtt</pt>
                    <pd>Round-trip time (ms) from client to local router.
                        <note>This property is enabled by default on devices before iOS 14 and disabled on iOS 14 and later.

                        To enable this property on iOS 14 and later, [contact technical support](https://ticket.shengwang.cn/).
On Android, to obtain <codeph>gatewayRtt</codeph>, ensure that the <codeph>android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE</codeph> permission is added after <codeph>&lt;/application&gt;</codeph> in your project's <codeph>AndroidManifest.xml</codeph> file.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>memoryAppUsageRatio</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage ratio (%) of the current app.
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be available due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>memoryTotalUsageRatio</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage ratio (%) of the current system.
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be available due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>memoryAppUsageInKbytes</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage (KB) of the current app.
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be available due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>duration</pt>
                    <pd>Call duration of the local user (seconds), cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>txBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Bytes sent.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>rxBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Bytes received.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>txAudioBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Audio bytes sent, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>txVideoBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Video bytes sent, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>rxAudioBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Audio bytes received, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>rxVideoBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Video bytes received, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>txKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>rxKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>rxAudioKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Audio receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>txAudioKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Audio packet sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>rxVideoKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Video receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>txVideoKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Video sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>lastmileDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Client-to-access-server latency (milliseconds).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>txPacketLossRate</pt>
                    <pd>Uplink packet loss rate (%) from client to server before applying anti-packet-loss technology.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>rxPacketLossRate</pt>
                    <pd>Downlink packet loss rate (%) from server to client before applying anti-packet-loss technology.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>userCount</pt>
                    <pd>Number of users in the current channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>cpuAppUsage</pt>
                    <pd>CPU usage (%) of the current app.
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>The <codeph>cpuAppUsage</codeph> reported in the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback is always 0.</li>
                                <li>Starting from Android 8.1, due to system limitations, you may not be able to obtain CPU usage via this property.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>cpuTotalUsage</pt>
                    <pd>CPU usage (%) of the current system.
For Windows platform, in multi-core environments, this member indicates the average usage of multi-core CPUs. The calculation is (100 - CPU usage of system idle process shown in Task Manager)/100.
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>The <codeph>cpuTotalUsage</codeph> reported in the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback is always 0.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>connectTimeMs</pt>
                    <pd>Time from starting to establish connection to successful connection (milliseconds). A value of 0 indicates invalid.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>gatewayRtt</pt>
                    <pd>Round-trip time from client to local router (ms).
                        <note>This property is enabled by default on devices running iOS versions earlier than 14, and disabled on iOS 14 and later.

                        To enable this property on iOS 14 and later, please [contact technical support](https://ticket.shengwang.cn/).
On Android, to obtain <codeph>gatewayRtt</codeph>, make sure you have added the <codeph>android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE</codeph> permission after <codeph>&lt;/application&gt;</codeph> in your project's <codeph>AndroidManifest.xml</codeph> file.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>memoryAppUsageRatio</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage ratio (%) of the current app.
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be retrievable due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>memoryTotalUsageRatio</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage ratio (%) of the current system.
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be retrievable due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>memoryAppUsageInKbytes</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage of the current app (KB).
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be retrievable due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>duration</pt>
                    <pd>Call duration of the local user (seconds), cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>txBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Bytes sent.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>rxBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Bytes received.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>txAudioBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Audio bytes sent, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>txVideoBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Video bytes sent, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>rxAudioBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Audio bytes received, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>rxVideoBytes</pt>
                    <pd>Video bytes received, cumulative value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>txKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>rxKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>rxAudioKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Audio receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>txAudioKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Audio packet sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>rxVideoKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Video receiving bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>txVideoKBitRate</pt>
                    <pd>Video sending bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>lastmileDelay</pt>
                    <pd>Client-to-access-server latency (ms).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>txPacketLossRate</pt>
                    <pd>Uplink packet loss rate (%) from client to server before anti-packet-loss technology is applied.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>rxPacketLossRate</pt>
                    <pd>Downlink packet loss rate (%) from server to client before anti-packet-loss technology is applied.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>userCount</pt>
                    <pd>Number of users in the current channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>cpuAppUsage</pt>
                    <pd>CPU usage of the current app (%).
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>The <codeph>cpuAppUsage</codeph> reported in the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback is always 0.</li>
                                <li>Starting from Android 8.1, due to system restrictions, you may not be able to obtain CPU usage through this property.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>cpuTotalUsage</pt>
                    <pd>CPU usage of the current system (%).
On Windows, in a multi-core environment, this member represents the average usage of multi-core CPUs. It is calculated as (100 - CPU usage of system idle process shown in Task Manager)/100.
                        <note>
                            <ul>
                                <li>The <codeph>cpuTotalUsage</codeph> reported in the <xref keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> callback is always 0.</li>
                                <li>Starting from Android 8.1, due to system restrictions, you cannot obtain CPU usage through this property.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>connectTimeMs</pt>
                    <pd>Time from connection initiation to successful connection (ms). A value of 0 indicates invalid.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>gatewayRtt</pt>
                    <pd>Round-trip latency from client to local router (ms).
                        <note>This property is enabled by default on devices running iOS versions earlier than 14 and disabled on iOS 14 and later.

                        To enable this property on devices running iOS 14 and later, please [contact technical support](https://ticket.shengwang.cn/).
On Android, to retrieve <codeph>gatewayRtt</codeph>, make sure to add the <codeph>android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE</codeph> permission after the <codeph>&lt;/application&gt;</codeph> tag in your project's <codeph>AndroidManifest.xml</codeph> file.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>memoryAppUsageRatio</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage ratio of the current app (%).
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be available due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>memoryTotalUsageRatio</pt>
                    <pd>Memory usage ratio of the current system (%).
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be available due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>memoryAppUsageInKbytes</pt>
                    <pd>Memory size of the current app (KB).
                        <note>This value is for reference only. It may not be available due to system limitations.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>