<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_remotevoicepositioninfo">
    <title><ph keyref="RemoteVoicePositionInfo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Spatial position information of a remote user or media player.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Spatial position information of the remote user or media player.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Spatial position information of the remote user or media player.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Spatial position information of a remote user or media player.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class RemoteVoicePositionInfo {
  
  position?: number[];
  
  forward?: number[];
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class RemoteVoicePositionInfo {
  
  position?: number[];
  
  forward?: number[];
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">There are no corresponding names available</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class RemoteVoicePositionInfo
    {
        public RemoteVoicePositionInfo(float[] position, float[] forward)
        {
            this.position = position;
            this.forward = forward;
        }
        public float[] position { set; get; }
        public float[] forward { set; get; }
    };</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Properties</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Coordinates in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, representing the coordinates in the forward, right, and up directions respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>forward</pt>
                    <pd>Unit vector of the forward axis in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, representing the forward, right, and up directions respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Coordinates in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, representing the coordinates in the forward, right, and up directions respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>forward</pt>
                    <pd>Unit vector of the forward axis in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, representing the directions in the forward, right, and up axes respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Coordinates in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, where the three values represent the coordinates in the front, right, and up directions respectively.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>Coordinates in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, with the three values representing the coordinates of the forward, right, and up directions, respectively. Forward, right, and up correspond to the positive directions of the z, x, and y axes of Unity's Vector3.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>forward</pt>
                    <pd>Unit vector of the forward axis in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array of length 3, with the three values representing the coordinates of the forward, right, and up directions, respectively. Forward, right, and up correspond to the positive directions of the z, x, and y axes of Unity's Vector3.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>