<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_audioscenariotype">
    <title><ph keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Audio scenario.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Audio scenario.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Audio scenarios.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Audio scenario.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioDefault</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Automatic scenario. Automatically matches the appropriate audio quality based on user role and audio routing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioGameStreaming</pt>
                    <pd>3: High-quality audio scenario, suitable for music-centric use cases. For example: instrument practice.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioChatroom</pt>
                    <pd>5: Chatroom scenario, suitable for cases where users frequently join and leave the mic. For example: educational scenarios.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioChorus</pt>
                    <pd>7: Chorus scenario. Suitable for real-time chorus with good network conditions and ultra-low latency requirements.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioMeeting</pt>
                    <pd>8: Meeting scenario, suitable for multi-person voice-centric conferences.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioAiClient</pt>
                    <pd>10: AI conversation scenario, only applicable for interactions with agents created using the [Agora Conversational AI Engine](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/convoai/restful/landing-page).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioNum</pt>
                    <pd>Number of enumerations.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioDefault</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Auto scenario. Automatically matches appropriate audio quality based on user role and audio route.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioGameStreaming</pt>
                    <pd>3: High-quality scenario, suitable for music-centric use cases. For example: instrument practice.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioChatroom</pt>
                    <pd>5: Chatroom scenario, suitable for frequent mic on/off situations. For example: education scenarios.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioChorus</pt>
                    <pd>7: Chorus scenario. Suitable for real-time chorus with low latency under good network conditions.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioMeeting</pt>
                    <pd>8: Meeting scenario, suitable for multi-person voice-centric meetings.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioAiClient</pt>
                    <pd>10: AI dialogue scenario, only applicable to interactions with [Agora Conversational AI Engine](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/convoai/restful/landing-page).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioScenarioNum</pt>
                    <pd>Number of enum values.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioScenarioDefault</pt>
                    <pd>0: (default) Automatic scenario selection. Matches appropriate audio quality based on user role and audio route.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioScenarioGameStreaming</pt>
                    <pd>3: High-quality audio scenario, suitable for music-centric use cases. For example: instrument practice.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioScenarioChatroom</pt>
                    <pd>5: Chatroom scenario, suitable for use cases where users frequently join and leave the mic. For example: education scenarios.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioScenarioChorus</pt>
                    <pd>7: Chorus scenario. Suitable for real-time chorus with low latency under good network conditions.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioScenarioMeeting</pt>
                    <pd>8: Meeting scenario, suitable for multi-person meetings focusing on voice.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioScenarioAiClient</pt>
                    <pd>10: AI conversation scenario, only applicable for interactions with agents created using [Agora Conversational AI Engine](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/convoai/restful/landing-page).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioScenarioNum</pt>
                    <pd>Number of enumerations.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SCENARIO_DEFAULT</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Auto scenario. Automatically matches appropriate audio quality based on user role and routing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING</pt>
                    <pd>3: High-quality scenario suitable for music-focused use cases. Example: Instrument practice.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SCENARIO_CHATROOM</pt>
                    <pd>5: Chatroom scenario, suitable for frequent mic on/off situations. Example: Education.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SCENARIO_CHORUS</pt>
                    <pd>7: Chorus scenario. Suitable for real-time chorus with low latency and good network conditions.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SCENARIO_MEETING</pt>
                    <pd>8: Meeting scenario, suitable for multi-person voice-focused meetings.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SCENARIO_AI_CLIENT</pt>
                    <pd>10: AI conversation scenario. Only applicable for interaction with [Agora Conversational AI Engine](https://doc.shengwang.cn/doc/convoai/restful/landing-page).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SCENARIO_NUM</pt>
                    <pd>Number of enumerations.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>