<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_encodingpreference">
    <title><ph keyref="ENCODING_PREFERENCE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Video encoder preference.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Video encoder preference.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Video encoder preference.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Video encoder preference.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>PreferAuto</pt>
                    <pd>-1: Adaptive preference. The SDK automatically selects the optimal encoding type based on platform, device type, and other factors.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>PreferSoftware</pt>
                    <pd>0: Software encoding preference. The SDK prioritizes using software encoders for video encoding.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>PreferHardware</pt>
                    <pd>1: Hardware encoding preference. The SDK prioritizes using hardware encoders for video encoding. If the device does not support hardware encoding, the SDK automatically switches to software encoding and reports the current encoder type via the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStats"/> callback's <codeph>hwEncoderAccelerating</codeph> field.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>PreferAuto</pt>
                    <pd>-1: Adaptive preference. The SDK automatically selects the optimal encoder type based on platform, device type, and other factors.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>PreferSoftware</pt>
                    <pd>0: Software encoder preference. The SDK prioritizes using the software encoder for video encoding.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>PreferHardware</pt>
                    <pd>1: Hardware encoder preference. The SDK prioritizes using the hardware encoder for video encoding. If the device does not support hardware encoding, the SDK automatically switches to software encoding and reports the current encoder type via the <codeph>hwEncoderAccelerating</codeph> field in the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStats"/> callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>preferAuto</pt>
                    <pd>-1: Adaptive preference. The SDK automatically selects the optimal encoding type based on platform, device type, and other factors.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>preferSoftware</pt>
                    <pd>0: Software encoding preference. The SDK prefers using the software encoder for video encoding.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>preferHardware</pt>
                    <pd>1: Hardware encoding preference. The SDK prefers using the hardware encoder for video encoding. If the device does not support hardware encoding, the SDK automatically switches to software encoding and reports the current encoder type via the <codeph>hwEncoderAccelerating</codeph> field in the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStats"/> callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>PREFER_AUTO</pt>
                    <pd>-1: Adaptive preference. The SDK automatically selects the optimal encoder based on platform, device type, and other factors.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>PREFER_SOFTWARE</pt>
                    <pd>0: Software encoder preference. The SDK prioritizes using a software encoder for video encoding.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>PREFER_HARDWARE</pt>
                    <pd>1: Hardware encoder preference. The SDK prioritizes using a hardware encoder for video encoding. If the device does not support hardware encoding, the SDK automatically falls back to software encoding and reports the encoder type used via the <codeph>hwEncoderAccelerating</codeph> field in the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStats"/> callback.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>