<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_videocodeccapabilitylevel">
    <title><ph keyref="VIDEO_CODEC_CAPABILITY_LEVEL"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Video codec capability level.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Video codec capability level.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Video codec capability level.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Video codec capability level.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>CodecCapabilityLevelUnspecified</pt>
                    <pd>-1: Unsupported video type. Currently, only H.264 and H.265 formats are supported for querying. If the video is in another format, this value is returned.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>CodecCapabilityLevelBasicSupport</pt>
                    <pd>5: Basic codec support, i.e., encoding and decoding for videos under 1080p and 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>CodecCapabilityLevel1080p30fps</pt>
                    <pd>10: Supports encoding and decoding up to 1080p and 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>CodecCapabilityLevel1080p60fps</pt>
                    <pd>20: Supports encoding and decoding up to 1080p and 60 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>CodecCapabilityLevel4k60fps</pt>
                    <pd>30: Supports encoding and decoding up to 4K and 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>CodecCapabilityLevelUnspecified</pt>
                    <pd>-1: Unsupported video type. Currently, only H.264 and H.265 formats are supported. If the video is in another format, this value is returned.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>CodecCapabilityLevelBasicSupport</pt>
                    <pd>5: Basic codec support, i.e., encoding and decoding for videos below 1080p and 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>CodecCapabilityLevel1080p30fps</pt>
                    <pd>10: Supports encoding and decoding up to 1080p, 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>CodecCapabilityLevel1080p60fps</pt>
                    <pd>20: Supports encoding and decoding up to 1080p, 60 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>CodecCapabilityLevel4k60fps</pt>
                    <pd>30: Supports encoding and decoding up to 4K, 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>codecCapabilityLevelUnspecified</pt>
                    <pd>-1: Unsupported video type. Currently only H.264 and H.265 formats are supported. If the video is in another format, this value is returned.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>codecCapabilityLevelBasicSupport</pt>
                    <pd>5: Basic codec support, i.e., encoding and decoding for video up to 1080p and 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>codecCapabilityLevel1080p30fps</pt>
                    <pd>10: Supports encoding and decoding for video up to 1080p and 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>codecCapabilityLevel1080p60fps</pt>
                    <pd>20: Supports encoding and decoding for video up to 1080p and 60 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>codecCapabilityLevel4k60fps</pt>
                    <pd>30: Supports encoding and decoding for video up to 4K and 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CODEC_CAPABILITY_LEVEL_UNSPECIFIED</pt>
                    <pd>-1: Unsupported video type. Currently, only video in H.264 and H.265 formats is supported for querying. If the video is in another format, this value is returned.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CODEC_CAPABILITY_LEVEL_BASIC_SUPPORT</pt>
                    <pd>5: Basic codec support, i.e., encoding and decoding for video up to 1080p and 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CODEC_CAPABILITY_LEVEL_1080P30FPS</pt>
                    <pd>10: Supports encoding and decoding video up to 1080p and 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CODEC_CAPABILITY_LEVEL_1080P60FPS</pt>
                    <pd>20: Supports encoding and decoding video up to 1080p and 60 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CODEC_CAPABILITY_LEVEL_4K60FPS</pt>
                    <pd>30: Supports encoding and decoding video up to 4K and 30 fps.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>