<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_compressionpreference">
    <title><ph keyref="COMPRESSION_PREFERENCE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Compression preference types for video encoding.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Compression preference type for video encoding.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Compression preference type for video encoding.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Compression preference type for video encoding.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>PreferCompressionAuto</pt>
                    <pd>-1: (Default) Auto mode. The SDK automatically selects <codeph>PreferLowLatency</codeph> or <codeph>PreferQuality</codeph> based on the video scenario you set to provide the best user experience.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>PreferLowLatency</pt>
                    <pd>0: Low latency preference. The SDK compresses video frames to reduce latency. This preference is suitable for scenarios where smoothness is prioritized and some quality loss is acceptable.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>PreferQuality</pt>
                    <pd>1: High quality preference. The SDK compresses video frames while maintaining video quality. This preference is suitable for scenarios where video quality is a priority.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>PreferCompressionAuto</pt>
                    <pd>-1: (Default) Automatic mode. The SDK automatically selects <codeph>PreferLowLatency</codeph> or <codeph>PreferQuality</codeph> based on your video scenario to provide the best user experience.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>PreferLowLatency</pt>
                    <pd>0: Low latency preference. The SDK compresses video frames to reduce latency. Suitable for scenarios where smoothness is prioritized and some quality loss is acceptable.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>PreferQuality</pt>
                    <pd>1: High quality preference. The SDK compresses video frames while maintaining video quality. Suitable for scenarios where video quality is prioritized.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>preferCompressionAuto</pt>
                    <pd>-1: (Default) Automatic mode. The SDK automatically selects <codeph>preferLowLatency</codeph> or <codeph>preferQuality</codeph> based on your video scenario to provide the best user experience.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>preferLowLatency</pt>
                    <pd>0: Low latency preference. The SDK compresses video frames to reduce latency. This preference is suitable for scenarios where smoothness is prioritized and some quality loss is acceptable.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>preferQuality</pt>
                    <pd>1: High quality preference. The SDK compresses video frames while maintaining video quality. This preference is suitable for scenarios where video quality is prioritized.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>PREFER_COMPRESSION_AUTO</pt>
                    <pd>-1: (Default) Auto mode. The SDK automatically selects <codeph>PREFER_LOW_LATENCY</codeph> or <codeph>PREFER_QUALITY</codeph> based on your video scenario settings to provide the best user experience.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>PREFER_LOW_LATENCY</pt>
                    <pd>0: Low latency preference. The SDK compresses video frames to reduce latency. This is suitable for scenarios where smoothness is prioritized over quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>PREFER_QUALITY</pt>
                    <pd>1: High quality preference. The SDK compresses video frames while maintaining video quality. This is suitable for scenarios where video quality is prioritized.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>