<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_screenscenariotype">
    <title><ph keyref="SCREEN_SCENARIO_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Screen sharing scenario.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Screen sharing scenarios.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Screen sharing scenario.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Screen sharing scenarios.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>ScreenScenarioDocument</pt>
                    <pd>1: (Default) Document. This scenario prioritizes the quality of the shared content and reduces the latency seen by the receiver. Use this scenario when sharing documents, slides, or spreadsheets.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>ScreenScenarioGaming</pt>
                    <pd>2: Gaming. This scenario prioritizes the smoothness of the shared stream. Use this scenario when sharing games.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>ScreenScenarioVideo</pt>
                    <pd>3: Video. This scenario prioritizes the smoothness of the shared stream. Use this scenario when sharing movies or live video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>ScreenScenarioRdc</pt>
                    <pd>4: Remote control. This scenario prioritizes the quality of the shared content and reduces the latency seen by the receiver. Use this scenario when sharing the desktop of a remotely controlled device.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>ScreenScenarioDocument</pt>
                    <pd>1: (Default) Document. In this scenario, the quality of the shared content is prioritized, and the latency for the receiver to see the shared video is reduced. You can use this scenario when sharing documents, slides, or spreadsheets.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>ScreenScenarioGaming</pt>
                    <pd>2: Gaming. In this scenario, the smoothness of the shared content is prioritized. You can use this scenario when sharing games.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>ScreenScenarioVideo</pt>
                    <pd>3: Video. In this scenario, the smoothness of the shared content is prioritized. You can use this scenario when sharing movies or live videos.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>ScreenScenarioRdc</pt>
                    <pd>4: Remote control. In this scenario, the quality of the shared content is prioritized, and the latency for the receiver to see the shared video is reduced. You can use this scenario when sharing the desktop of a remotely controlled device.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>screenScenarioDocument</pt>
                    <pd>1: (Default) Document. In this scenario, image quality is prioritized and latency on the receiving end is reduced. Use this scenario when sharing documents, slides, or spreadsheets.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>screenScenarioGaming</pt>
                    <pd>2: Gaming. In this scenario, smoothness is prioritized. Use this scenario when sharing games.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>screenScenarioVideo</pt>
                    <pd>3: Video. In this scenario, smoothness is prioritized. Use this scenario when sharing movies or live video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>screenScenarioRdc</pt>
                    <pd>4: Remote control. In this scenario, image quality is prioritized and latency on the receiving end is reduced. Use this scenario when sharing the desktop of a remotely controlled device.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_DOCUMENT</pt>
                    <pd>1: (Default) Document. In this scenario, the shared image quality is prioritized, and the latency for the receiving end to see the shared video is reduced. If you are sharing documents, slides, or spreadsheets, you can set this scenario.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_GAMING</pt>
                    <pd>2: Gaming. In this scenario, the smoothness of the shared content is prioritized. If you are sharing games, you can set this scenario.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_VIDEO</pt>
                    <pd>3: Video. In this scenario, the smoothness of the shared content is prioritized. If you are sharing movies or live videos, you can set this scenario.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>SCREEN_SCENARIO_RDC</pt>
                    <pd>4: Remote control. In this scenario, the shared image quality is prioritized, and the latency for the receiving end to see the shared video is reduced. If you are sharing the desktop of a remotely controlled device, you can set this scenario.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>