<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_audioainsmode">
    <title><ph keyref="AUDIO_AINS_MODE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">AI noise reduction mode.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">AI noise reduction mode.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">AI noise reduction mode.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Mode of AI noise reduction.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AinsModeBalanced</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Balanced noise reduction mode. Choose this mode if you want a balance between noise suppression and latency.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AinsModeAggressive</pt>
                    <pd>1: Aggressive noise reduction mode. Suitable for scenarios requiring strong noise suppression, such as outdoor live streaming. This mode can significantly reduce noise but may slightly distort voice.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AinsModeUltralowlatency</pt>
                    <pd>2: Low-latency aggressive noise reduction mode. This mode has approximately half the latency of weak and aggressive noise reduction modes, making it suitable for scenarios requiring both noise reduction and low latency, such as real-time chorus.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AinsModeBalanced</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Balanced noise reduction mode. Choose this mode if you want a balance between noise suppression and latency.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AinsModeAggressive</pt>
                    <pd>1: Aggressive noise reduction mode. Suitable for scenarios with high noise suppression requirements, such as outdoor live streaming. This mode reduces noise more significantly but may slightly damage voice quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AinsModeUltralowlatency</pt>
                    <pd>2: Low-latency aggressive noise reduction mode. This mode has about half the latency of weak and aggressive noise reduction modes, suitable for scenarios requiring both noise reduction and low latency, such as real-time chorus.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>ainsModeBalanced</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Balanced noise reduction mode. Choose this mode if you want a balanced effect between noise suppression and latency.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>ainsModeAggressive</pt>
                    <pd>1: Aggressive noise reduction mode. Suitable for scenarios with high noise suppression requirements, such as outdoor live streaming. This mode can significantly reduce noise but may slightly affect voice quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>ainsModeUltralowlatency</pt>
                    <pd>2: Low-latency aggressive noise reduction mode. This mode has approximately half the latency of the weak and aggressive noise reduction modes. It is suitable for scenarios requiring both noise reduction and low latency, such as real-time chorus.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AINS_MODE_BALANCED</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Balanced noise reduction mode; select this mode if you want a balanced effect between noise suppression and latency.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AINS_MODE_AGGRESSIVE</pt>
                    <pd>1: Aggressive noise reduction mode; suitable for scenarios with high noise suppression requirements, such as outdoor live streaming. This mode can significantly reduce noise but may also slightly damage the voice.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AINS_MODE_ULTRALOWLATENCY</pt>
                    <pd>2: Low-latency aggressive noise reduction mode. The noise reduction latency of this mode is about half that of weak and aggressive modes, suitable for scenarios requiring both noise reduction and low latency, such as real-time chorus.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>