<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_lowlightenhancelevel">
    <title><ph keyref="LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Low-light enhancement level.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Low-light enhancement level.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Low-light enhancement level.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Low-light enhancement level.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LowLightEnhanceLevelHighQuality</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Low-light enhancement prioritizing image quality, processes video brightness, details, and noise with moderate performance consumption and processing speed, providing optimal overall image quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LowLightEnhanceLevelFast</pt>
                    <pd>1: Low-light enhancement prioritizing performance, processes video brightness and details with lower performance consumption and faster processing speed.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LowLightEnhanceLevelHighQuality</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) High-quality low-light enhancement. Optimizes brightness, detail, and noise in the video image with moderate performance consumption and processing speed, offering the best overall image quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LowLightEnhanceLevelFast</pt>
                    <pd>1: Performance-first low-light enhancement. Optimizes brightness and detail with lower performance consumption and faster processing speed.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>lowLightEnhanceLevelHighQuality</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) High-quality low-light enhancement. Processes video brightness, detail, and noise. Offers moderate performance consumption and processing speed, with optimal overall image quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>lowLightEnhanceLevelFast</pt>
                    <pd>1: Performance-prioritized low-light enhancement. Processes video brightness and detail. Consumes less performance and processes faster.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Low-light enhancement prioritizing image quality. It processes brightness, details, and noise in the video image. It has moderate performance consumption and processing speed, offering optimal overall quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_FAST</pt>
                    <pd>1: Low-light enhancement prioritizing performance. It processes brightness and details in the video image with lower performance consumption and faster processing speed.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>