<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_audiorecordingqualitytype">
    <title><ph keyref="AUDIO_RECORDING_QUALITY_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Audio recording quality.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Recording quality.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Audio recording quality.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Audio recording quality.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioRecordingQualityLow</pt>
                    <pd>0: Low quality. Sampling rate is 32 kHz, file size for 10 minutes of recording is approximately 1.2 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioRecordingQualityMedium</pt>
                    <pd>1: Medium quality. Sampling rate is 32 kHz, file size for 10 minutes of recording is approximately 2 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioRecordingQualityHigh</pt>
                    <pd>2: High quality. Sampling rate is 32 kHz, file size for 10 minutes of recording is approximately 3.75 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioRecordingQualityUltraHigh</pt>
                    <pd>3: Ultra-high quality. Sampling rate is 32 kHz, file size for 10 minutes of recording is approximately 7.5 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioRecordingQualityLow</pt>
                    <pd>0: Low quality. Sample rate is 32 kHz, file size for 10 minutes of recording is approximately 1.2 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioRecordingQualityMedium</pt>
                    <pd>1: Medium quality. Sample rate is 32 kHz, file size for 10 minutes of recording is approximately 2 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioRecordingQualityHigh</pt>
                    <pd>2: High quality. Sample rate is 32 kHz, file size for 10 minutes of recording is approximately 3.75 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioRecordingQualityUltraHigh</pt>
                    <pd>3: Ultra-high quality. Sample rate is 32 kHz, file size for 10 minutes of recording is approximately 7.5 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioRecordingQualityLow</pt>
                    <pd>0: Low quality. 32 kHz sample rate, file size for 10 minutes is about 1.2 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioRecordingQualityMedium</pt>
                    <pd>1: Medium quality. 32 kHz sample rate, file size for 10 minutes is about 2 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioRecordingQualityHigh</pt>
                    <pd>2: High quality. 32 kHz sample rate, file size for 10 minutes is about 3.75 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioRecordingQualityUltraHigh</pt>
                    <pd>3: Ultra-high quality. 32 kHz sample rate, file size for 10 minutes is about 7.5 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_RECORDING_QUALITY_LOW</pt>
                    <pd>0: Low quality. 32 kHz sampling rate, file size for 10 minutes is about 1.2 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_RECORDING_QUALITY_MEDIUM</pt>
                    <pd>1: Medium quality. 32 kHz sampling rate, file size for 10 minutes is about 2 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_RECORDING_QUALITY_HIGH</pt>
                    <pd>2: High quality. 32 kHz sampling rate, file size for 10 minutes is about 3.75 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_RECORDING_QUALITY_ULTRA_HIGH</pt>
                    <pd>3: Ultra high quality. 32 kHz sampling rate, file size for 10 minutes is about 7.5 MB.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>