<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_lastmileproberesultstate">
    <title><ph keyref="LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Status of last mile quality probe result.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Status of last mile quality probe result.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Status of last mile quality probe result.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Status of the last mile probe result.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LastmileProbeResultComplete</pt>
                    <pd>1: Indicates the result of this last mile quality probe is complete.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LastmileProbeResultIncompleteNoBwe</pt>
                    <pd>2: Indicates the last mile quality probe did not perform bandwidth estimation, so the result is incomplete. One possible reason is temporary limitation of testing resources.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LastmileProbeResultUnavailable</pt>
                    <pd>3: Last mile quality probe was not performed. One possible reason is network disconnection.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LastmileProbeResultComplete</pt>
                    <pd>1: Indicates the last mile quality probe result is complete.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LastmileProbeResultIncompleteNoBwe</pt>
                    <pd>2: Indicates the last mile quality probe did not perform bandwidth estimation, so the result is incomplete. One possible reason is limited testing resources.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LastmileProbeResultUnavailable</pt>
                    <pd>3: Last mile quality probe was not performed. One possible reason is network disconnection.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>lastmileProbeResultComplete</pt>
                    <pd>1: Indicates that the last mile probe result is complete.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>lastmileProbeResultIncompleteNoBwe</pt>
                    <pd>2: Indicates that the last mile probe did not perform bandwidth estimation, so the result is incomplete. A possible reason is temporarily limited testing resources.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>lastmileProbeResultUnavailable</pt>
                    <pd>3: Last mile probe was not performed. A possible reason is network disconnection.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_COMPLETE</pt>
                    <pd>1: Indicates the result of the last mile probe is complete.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_INCOMPLETE_NO_BWE</pt>
                    <pd>2: Indicates the last mile probe did not perform bandwidth estimation, so the result is incomplete. One possible reason is temporarily limited testing resources.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_UNAVAILABLE</pt>
                    <pd>3: Last mile probe was not performed. One possible reason is network disconnection.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>