<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_audiosessionoperationrestriction">
    <title><ph keyref="AUDIO_SESSION_OPERATION_RESTRICTION"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">SDK operation permissions for Audio Session.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Permissions for SDK operations on the Audio Session.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">SDK's operation permissions for Audio Session.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">SDK operation permissions for Audio Session.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioSessionOperationRestrictionNone</pt>
                    <pd>0: No restriction. The SDK can modify the Audio Session.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioSessionOperationRestrictionSetCategory</pt>
                    <pd>1: The SDK cannot change the Audio Session category.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioSessionOperationRestrictionConfigureSession</pt>
                    <pd>2: The SDK cannot change the Audio Session category, mode, or categoryOptions.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioSessionOperationRestrictionDeactivateSession</pt>
                    <pd>4: When leaving the channel, the SDK keeps the Audio Session active, for example, to play audio in the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioSessionOperationRestrictionAll</pt>
                    <pd>128: Completely restricts the SDK from operating on the Audio Session. The SDK can no longer make any changes to the Audio Session.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioSessionOperationRestrictionNone</pt>
                    <pd>0: No restriction. The SDK can modify the Audio Session.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioSessionOperationRestrictionSetCategory</pt>
                    <pd>1: The SDK cannot modify the category of the Audio Session.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioSessionOperationRestrictionConfigureSession</pt>
                    <pd>2: The SDK cannot modify the category, mode, or categoryOptions of the Audio Session.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioSessionOperationRestrictionDeactivateSession</pt>
                    <pd>4: When leaving the channel, the SDK keeps the Audio Session active, such as for playing audio in the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioSessionOperationRestrictionAll</pt>
                    <pd>128: Fully restricts the SDK from operating on the Audio Session. The SDK can no longer make any changes to the Audio Session.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioSessionOperationRestrictionNone</pt>
                    <pd>0: No restriction. SDK can modify the Audio Session.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioSessionOperationRestrictionSetCategory</pt>
                    <pd>1: SDK cannot change the Audio Session category.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioSessionOperationRestrictionConfigureSession</pt>
                    <pd>2: SDK cannot change the Audio Session category, mode, or categoryOptions.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioSessionOperationRestrictionDeactivateSession</pt>
                    <pd>4: When leaving the channel, the SDK keeps the Audio Session active, for example, to continue audio playback in the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioSessionOperationRestrictionAll</pt>
                    <pd>128: Fully restricts the SDK's operation permissions for Audio Session. SDK cannot make any changes to the Audio Session.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SESSION_OPERATION_RESTRICTION_NONE</pt>
                    <pd>0: No restriction. SDK can modify the Audio Session.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SESSION_OPERATION_RESTRICTION_SET_CATEGORY</pt>
                    <pd>1: SDK cannot change the Audio Session category.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SESSION_OPERATION_RESTRICTION_CONFIGURE_SESSION</pt>
                    <pd>2: SDK cannot change the Audio Session's category, mode, or categoryOptions.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SESSION_OPERATION_RESTRICTION_DEACTIVATE_SESSION</pt>
                    <pd>4: When leaving the channel, SDK keeps the Audio Session active, e.g., for background audio playback.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_SESSION_OPERATION_RESTRICTION_ALL</pt>
                    <pd>128: Fully restricts SDK from modifying Audio Session. SDK can no longer make any changes.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>