<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_camerastabilizationmode">
    <title><ph keyref="CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Camera stabilization mode.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Camera stabilization mode.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Camera stabilization mode.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title" props="flutter rn unity">
            <p props="rn">Camera stabilization effect increases in the order of 1 &lt; 2 &lt; 3, with corresponding increase in latency.</p>
            <p props="flutter">Camera stabilization effect increases in the order of 1 &lt; 2 &lt; 3, and the latency increases accordingly.</p>
            <p props="unity">Camera stabilization effect increases in the order of 1 &lt; 2 &lt; 3, with corresponding increase in latency.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>CameraStabilizationModeOff</pt>
                    <pd>-1: (Default) Camera stabilization is off.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>CameraStabilizationModeAuto</pt>
                    <pd>0: Camera auto stabilization. The system automatically selects a stabilization mode based on the camera state. However, this mode has higher latency, and it is recommended not to use this enumeration.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>CameraStabilizationModeLevel1</pt>
                    <pd>1: (Recommended) Camera stabilization level 1.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>CameraStabilizationModeLevel2</pt>
                    <pd>2: Camera stabilization level 2.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>CameraStabilizationModeLevel3</pt>
                    <pd>3: Camera stabilization level 3.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>cameraStabilizationModeOff</pt>
                    <pd>-1: (Default) Camera stabilization is off.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>cameraStabilizationModeAuto</pt>
                    <pd>0: Camera auto stabilization. The system automatically selects a stabilization mode based on the camera status. However, this mode has higher latency, so it is not recommended to use this enum.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>cameraStabilizationModeLevel1</pt>
                    <pd>1: (Recommended) Level 1 camera stabilization.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>cameraStabilizationModeLevel2</pt>
                    <pd>2: Level 2 camera stabilization.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>cameraStabilizationModeLevel3</pt>
                    <pd>3: Level 3 camera stabilization.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE_OFF</pt>
                    <pd>-1: (Default) Camera stabilization is off.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE_AUTO</pt>
                    <pd>0: Camera auto stabilization. The system automatically selects a stabilization mode based on the camera status. However, this mode has higher latency and is not recommended.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE_LEVEL_1</pt>
                    <pd>1: (Recommended) Camera stabilization level 1.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE_LEVEL_2</pt>
                    <pd>2: Camera stabilization level 2.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CAMERA_STABILIZATION_MODE_LEVEL_3</pt>
                    <pd>3: Camera stabilization level 3.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>