<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_rawaudioframeopmodetype">
    <title><ph keyref="RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Usage mode of audio data.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Usage modes for audio data.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Usage mode of audio data.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Usage mode of audio data.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>RawAudioFrameOpModeReadOnly</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Read-only mode. You only retrieve the raw data returned by the SDK without making any modifications. For example, if you collect data via the SDK and perform your own CDN streaming, you can use this mode.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>RawAudioFrameOpModeReadWrite</pt>
                    <pd>2: Read-write mode. You modify the raw audio returned by the SDK and send it back to the SDK for encoding and transmission. For example, if you have your own audio effects module and want to pre-process the data (e.g., voice changing), you can use this mode.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>RawAudioFrameOpModeReadOnly</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Read-only mode. For example, if you collect data using the SDK and perform CDN streaming yourself, you can choose this mode.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>RawAudioFrameOpModeReadWrite</pt>
                    <pd>2: Read-write mode. For example, if you have your own audio effects processing module and want to pre-process the data as needed (such as voice changing), you can choose this mode.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>rawAudioFrameOpModeReadOnly</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Read-only mode. For example, if you collect data via the SDK and perform bypass streaming yourself, you can choose this mode.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>rawAudioFrameOpModeReadWrite</pt>
                    <pd>2: Read-write mode. For example, if you have your own audio effects processing module and want to pre-process the data (e.g., voice changing), you can choose this mode.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_READ_ONLY</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Read-only mode. For example, if you use the SDK to capture data and perform CDN streaming yourself, you can use this mode.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_READ_WRITE</pt>
                    <pd>2: Read-write mode. For example, if you have your own audio effects module and want to pre-process the data (e.g., voice changing), you can use this mode.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>