<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_videocodecprofiletype">
    <title><ph keyref="VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Codec profile for video in CDN streaming.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Codec profile for video in relay streaming output.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Codec profile for video in CDN streaming.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Codec profile type for video output in relayed streaming.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>VideoCodecProfileBaseline</pt>
                    <pd>66: Baseline level video codec profile, typically used in low-end or error-tolerant applications such as video calls and mobile videos.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>VideoCodecProfileMain</pt>
                    <pd>77: Main level video codec profile, typically used in mainstream consumer electronics such as MP4, portable video players, PSP, iPad, etc.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>VideoCodecProfileHigh</pt>
                    <pd>100: (Default) High level video codec profile, typically used in broadcasting, video disc storage, and HDTV.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>VideoCodecProfileBaseline</pt>
                    <pd>66: Baseline profile, typically used in low-end or error-tolerant applications such as video calls, mobile videos, etc.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>VideoCodecProfileMain</pt>
                    <pd>77: Main profile, typically used in mainstream consumer electronics such as MP4, portable video players, PSP, iPad, etc.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>VideoCodecProfileHigh</pt>
                    <pd>100: (Default) High profile, typically used in broadcasting, video disc storage, and HDTV.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>videoCodecProfileBaseline</pt>
                    <pd>66: Baseline profile, generally used for low-end or error-tolerant applications such as video calls and mobile videos.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>videoCodecProfileMain</pt>
                    <pd>77: Main profile, generally used in mainstream consumer electronics such as MP4 players, portable video players, PSP, iPad, etc.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>videoCodecProfileHigh</pt>
                    <pd>100: (Default) High profile, generally used for broadcasting, video disc storage, and HDTV.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_BASELINE</pt>
                    <pd>66: Baseline profile, typically used for lower-end or error-resilient applications such as video calls and mobile videos.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_MAIN</pt>
                    <pd>77: Main profile, typically used in mainstream consumer electronics such as MP4, portable video players, PSP, iPad, etc.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_HIGH</pt>
                    <pd>100: (Default) High profile, typically used in broadcasting, video disc storage, and HDTV.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>