<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_audioreverbtype">
    <title><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Audio reverb types.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Audio reverb type.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Audio reverb types.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Audio reverb types.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioReverbDryLevel</pt>
                    <pd>0: Original sound intensity, also known as dry signal, range [-20,10], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioReverbWetLevel</pt>
                    <pd>1: Early reflection signal intensity, also known as wet signal, range [-20,10], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioReverbRoomSize</pt>
                    <pd>2: Room size for desired reverb effect. Generally, the larger the room, the stronger the reverb. Range [0,100], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioReverbWetDelay</pt>
                    <pd>3: Initial delay length of the wet signal, range [0,200], unit: milliseconds.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AudioReverbStrength</pt>
                    <pd>4: Intensity of reverb persistence, range [0,100].</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioReverbDryLevel</pt>
                    <pd>0: Dry signal level, i.e., the original sound intensity. Range [-20,10], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioReverbWetLevel</pt>
                    <pd>1: Wet signal level, i.e., early reflection signal strength. Range [-20,10], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioReverbRoomSize</pt>
                    <pd>2: Room size for the desired reverb effect. Generally, the larger the room, the stronger the reverb. Range [0,100], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioReverbWetDelay</pt>
                    <pd>3: Initial delay length of the wet signal. Range [0,200], unit: ms.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AudioReverbStrength</pt>
                    <pd>4: Intensity of the sustained reverb. Range [0,100].</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioReverbDryLevel</pt>
                    <pd>0: Original sound intensity, also known as the dry signal. Value range: [-20,10], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioReverbWetLevel</pt>
                    <pd>1: Early reflection signal intensity, also known as the wet signal. Value range: [-20,10], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioReverbRoomSize</pt>
                    <pd>2: Room size for the desired reverb effect. Generally, the larger the room, the stronger the reverb. Value range: [0,100], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioReverbWetDelay</pt>
                    <pd>3: Initial delay length of the wet signal. Value range: [0,200], unit: milliseconds.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>audioReverbStrength</pt>
                    <pd>4: Reverb strength duration. Value range: [0,100].</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_REVERB_DRY_LEVEL</pt>
                    <pd>0: Original sound intensity, also known as dry signal, range [-20,10], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_REVERB_WET_LEVEL</pt>
                    <pd>1: Early reflection signal intensity, also known as wet signal, range [-20,10], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_REVERB_ROOM_SIZE</pt>
                    <pd>2: Room size for desired reverb effect. Generally, the larger the room, the stronger the reverb. Range [0,100], unit: dB.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_REVERB_WET_DELAY</pt>
                    <pd>3: Initial delay length of wet signal, range [0,200], unit: milliseconds.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUDIO_REVERB_STRENGTH</pt>
                    <pd>4: Intensity of reverb duration, range [0,100].</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>