<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_simulcaststreammode">
    <title><ph keyref="SIMULCAST_STREAM_MODE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Mode for sending video streams.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Mode for sending video streams.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Mode for sending video streams.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Mode for sending video streams.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>AutoSimulcastStream</pt>
                    <pd>-1: By default, small streams are not sent until a subscription request for small streams is received from the receiver, at which point small streams are automatically sent.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>DisableSimulcastStream</pt>
                    <pd>0: Never send small streams.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>EnableSimulcastStream</pt>
                    <pd>1: Always send small streams.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>AutoSimulcastStream</pt>
                    <pd>-1: By default, the low-quality stream is not sent until a subscription request for the low-quality stream is received from the receiver, at which point the low-quality stream is sent automatically.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>DisableSimulcastStream</pt>
                    <pd>0: Never send the low-quality stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>EnableSimulcastStream</pt>
                    <pd>1: Always send the low-quality stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>autoSimulcastStream</pt>
                    <pd>-1: By default, the low stream is not sent until a subscription request for the low stream is received from the receiver.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>disableSimulcastStream</pt>
                    <pd>0: Never send the low stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>enableSimulcastStream</pt>
                    <pd>1: Always send the low stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>AUTO_SIMULCAST_STREAM</pt>
                    <pd>-1: By default, small streams are not sent until a subscription request for a small stream is received from the receiver, at which point small streams are sent automatically.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>DISABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</pt>
                    <pd>0: Never send small streams.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>ENABLE_SIMULCAST_STREAM</pt>
                    <pd>1: Always send small streams.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>