<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_localvideostreamreason">
    <title><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Reason for local video state change.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Reason for local video state change.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Reason for local video state change.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Reason for local video state change.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonOk</pt>
                    <pd>0: Local video state is normal.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonFailure</pt>
                    <pd>1: Unknown error.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceNoPermission</pt>
                    <pd>2: No permission to start the local video capture device. Prompt the user to enable device permissions and rejoin the channel.
                        <note>Deprecated: This enumeration is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="onPermissionError"/> callback with <codeph>Camera</codeph> instead.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceBusy</pt>
                    <pd>3: The local video capture device is in use. Prompt the user to check if the camera is occupied by another app or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonCaptureFailure</pt>
                    <pd>4: Failed to capture local video. Prompt the user to check if the video capture device is working properly, whether the camera is occupied by another app, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonCodecNotSupport</pt>
                    <pd>5: Failed to encode local video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceNotFound</pt>
                    <pd>8: Cannot find the local video capture device. Check if the camera is properly connected and functioning or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceDisconnected</pt>
                    <pd>9: The video capture device currently in use has been disconnected (e.g., unplugged).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceInvalidId</pt>
                    <pd>10: The SDK cannot find the video device in the device list. Check whether the video device ID is valid.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowMinimized</pt>
                    <pd>11: When calling <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/> to share a window, the window is minimized. The SDK cannot share minimized windows. Prompt the user to restore the window.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowClosed</pt>
                    <pd>12: The window shared by window ID is closed, or the fullscreen window shared by window ID has exited fullscreen. After exiting fullscreen, remote users will not be able to see the shared window. To avoid showing a black screen to remote users, it is recommended to end the sharing session immediately.
Common scenarios reporting this error code:
                        <ul>
                            <li>The local user closes the shared window.</li>
                            <li>The local user plays a slideshow and shares the slideshow in presentation mode. When the presentation ends, the SDK reports this error code.</li>
                            <li>The local user views a web video or document in fullscreen and shares it. When exiting fullscreen, the SDK reports this error code.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowOccluded</pt>
                    <pd>13: (Windows only) The window to be shared is occluded by other windows. The occluded part will be blacked out by the SDK during sharing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureFailure</pt>
                    <pd>21: (Windows and Android only) The currently captured window has no data.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureNoPermission</pt>
                    <pd>22: No permission to capture the screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureAutoFallback</pt>
                    <pd>24: (Windows only) An unexpected error occurred during screen sharing (possibly due to failure to block the window), causing the screen sharing strategy to downgrade. The screen sharing process itself is not affected.
                        <note>During screen sharing, if blocking the specified window fails due to device driver issues, the SDK reports this event and automatically falls back to sharing the entire screen. If your use case requires blocking specific windows to protect privacy, listen for this event and implement additional privacy protection mechanisms when triggered.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowHidden</pt>
                    <pd>25: (Windows only) The window currently being captured is hidden and not visible on the current screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowRecoverFromHidden</pt>
                    <pd>26: (Windows only) The window being captured has recovered from a hidden state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowRecoverFromMinimized</pt>
                    <pd>27: The window being captured has recovered from a minimized state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCapturePaused</pt>
                    <pd>28: (Windows only) Screen capture is paused. Common scenario: the screen may have switched to a secure desktop, such as a UAC dialog or Winlogon desktop.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureResumed</pt>
                    <pd>29: (Windows only) Screen capture has resumed from a paused state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureDisplayDisconnected</pt>
                    <pd>30: The display being captured is disconnected. When receiving this state, prompt the user that screen sharing is paused and restart screen sharing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureExcludeWindowFailed</pt>
                    <pd>34: (Windows only) Some windows in the exclusion list failed to be excluded during screen sharing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceSystemPressure</pt>
                    <pd>101: The current video capture device is unavailable due to high system pressure.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonOk</pt>
                    <pd>0: Local video is in a normal state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonFailure</pt>
                    <pd>1: Unknown error.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceNoPermission</pt>
                    <pd>2: No permission to start the local video capture device. Prompt the user to enable device permissions before rejoining the channel.
                        <note>Deprecated: This enumeration is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="onPermissionError"/> callback with <codeph>Camera</codeph> instead.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceBusy</pt>
                    <pd>3: The local video capture device is in use. Prompt the user to check if the camera is occupied by another app or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonCaptureFailure</pt>
                    <pd>4: Failed to capture local video. Prompt the user to check whether the video capture device is working properly, whether the camera is occupied by another app, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonCodecNotSupport</pt>
                    <pd>5: Failed to encode local video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonCaptureInbackground</pt>
                    <pd>6: (iOS only) The app is in the background. Prompt the user that video capture is not available when the app is in the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonCaptureMultipleForegroundApps</pt>
                    <pd>7: (iOS only) The app is in slide-over, split-view, or picture-in-picture mode and another app is using the camera. Prompt the user that video capture is not available under these conditions.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceNotFound</pt>
                    <pd>8: No local video capture device found. Check if the camera is properly connected and functioning, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceInterrupt</pt>
                    <pd>14: (Android only) Video capture is interrupted. Possible reasons:
                        <ul>
                            <li>The camera is occupied by another app. Prompt the user to check if the camera is occupied.</li>
                            <li>The app has been switched to the background. You can use a foreground service notification to inform the OS to continue capturing video in the background. See [Why does audio/video capture fail after screen lock or backgrounding on some Android versions?](https://doc.shengwang.cn/faq/quality-issues/android-background).</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>LocalVideoStreamReasonDeviceFatalError</pt>
                    <pd>15: (Android only) Video capture device error. Prompt the user to turn the camera off and on again to restore functionality. If that doesn't work, check for hardware failure.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonOk</pt>
                    <pd>0: Local video is in normal state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonFailure</pt>
                    <pd>1: Unknown error.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonDeviceNoPermission</pt>
                    <pd>2: No permission to start the local video capture device. Prompt the user to enable device permissions and rejoin the channel.
                        <note>Deprecated: This enum is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="onPermissionError"/> callback with <codeph>camera</codeph> instead.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonDeviceBusy</pt>
                    <pd>3: The local video capture device is currently in use. Prompt the user to check if the camera is occupied by another app or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonCaptureFailure</pt>
                    <pd>4: Failed to capture local video. Prompt the user to check if the video capture device is working properly, whether the camera is occupied by another app, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonCodecNotSupport</pt>
                    <pd>5: Failed to encode local video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonCaptureInbackground</pt>
                    <pd>6: (iOS only) The app is in the background. Prompt the user that video capture cannot function properly while the app is in the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonCaptureMultipleForegroundApps</pt>
                    <pd>7: (iOS only) The current app window is in Slide Over, Split View, or Picture-in-Picture mode, and another app is using the camera. Prompt the user that video capture cannot function properly under these conditions.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonDeviceNotFound</pt>
                    <pd>8: Local video capture device not found. Check if the camera is properly connected and functioning, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonDeviceDisconnected</pt>
                    <pd>9: (macOS and Windows only) The video capture device in use has been disconnected (e.g., unplugged).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonDeviceInvalidId</pt>
                    <pd>10: (macOS and Windows only) The SDK cannot find the video device in the device list. Check if the video device ID is valid.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowMinimized</pt>
                    <pd>11: (macOS and Windows only) The window shared via <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/> is minimized. The SDK cannot share minimized windows. Prompt the user to restore the window.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowClosed</pt>
                    <pd>12: (macOS and Windows only) The window shared by window ID has been closed, or a fullscreen window shared by ID has exited fullscreen. After exiting fullscreen, remote users will not see the shared window. To avoid black screens, it is recommended to end the sharing session immediately.
Common scenarios for this error code:
                        <ul>
                            <li>The local user closes the shared window.</li>
                            <li>The local user plays a slideshow and shares it. When the slideshow ends, the SDK reports this error code.</li>
                            <li>The local user views a web video or document in fullscreen, then shares it. When exiting fullscreen, the SDK reports this error code.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowOccluded</pt>
                    <pd>13: (Windows only) The window to be shared is occluded by another window. The occluded part will appear black in the shared content.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonDeviceInterrupt</pt>
                    <pd>14: (Android only) Video capture interrupted. Possible reasons:
                        <ul>
                            <li>The camera is occupied by another app. Prompt the user to check if the camera is in use.</li>
                            <li>The app has been sent to the background. Use a foreground service notification to ensure video capture continues in the background. See [Why does audio/video capture fail when the app is locked or in the background on some Android versions?](https://doc.shengwang.cn/faq/quality-issues/android-background).</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonDeviceFatalError</pt>
                    <pd>15: (Android only) Video capture device error. Prompt the user to turn the camera off and on again. If the issue persists, check for hardware failure.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureFailure</pt>
                    <pd>21: (Windows and Android only) No data from the currently captured window.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureNoPermission</pt>
                    <pd>22: (Windows and macOS only) No permission to capture the screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureAutoFallback</pt>
                    <pd>24: (Windows only) An unexpected error occurred during screen sharing (possibly due to failure to block a window), causing the screen sharing strategy to fall back. The sharing process itself is not affected.
                        <note>During screen sharing, if the SDK fails to block a specific window due to driver or hardware issues, it will report this event and automatically fall back to sharing the entire screen. If your use case requires blocking specific windows for privacy, listen for this event and implement additional privacy protections when triggered.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowHidden</pt>
                    <pd>25: (Windows only) The window being captured is hidden and not visible on the current screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowRecoverFromHidden</pt>
                    <pd>26: (Windows only) The window being captured has recovered from a hidden state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureWindowRecoverFromMinimized</pt>
                    <pd>27: (macOS and Windows only) The window being captured has recovered from a minimized state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCapturePaused</pt>
                    <pd>28: (Windows only) Screen capture is paused. Common scenario: the screen may have switched to a secure desktop, such as a UAC dialog or Winlogon desktop.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureResumed</pt>
                    <pd>29: (Windows only) Screen capture has resumed from a paused state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonScreenCaptureDisplayDisconnected</pt>
                    <pd>30: (Windows and macOS only) The display being captured has been disconnected. Prompt the user that screen sharing is paused and restart screen sharing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>localVideoStreamReasonDeviceSystemPressure</pt>
                    <pd>101: The video capture device is unavailable due to excessive system pressure.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_OK</pt>
                    <pd>0: Local video is in normal state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_FAILURE</pt>
                    <pd>1: Unknown error.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_NO_PERMISSION</pt>
                    <pd>2: No permission to start the local video capture device. Prompt the user to enable device permissions and rejoin the channel.
                        <note>Deprecated: This enumeration is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="onPermissionError"/> callback with <codeph>CAMERA</codeph> instead.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_BUSY</pt>
                    <pd>3: The local video capture device is in use. Prompt the user to check if the camera is occupied by another app or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CAPTURE_FAILURE</pt>
                    <pd>4: Local video capture failed. Prompt the user to check if the video capture device is working properly, whether the camera is occupied by another app, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CODEC_NOT_SUPPORT</pt>
                    <pd>5: Local video encoding failed.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CAPTURE_INBACKGROUND</pt>
                    <pd>6: (iOS only) The app is in the background. Prompt the user that video capture cannot proceed when the app is in the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CAPTURE_MULTIPLE_FOREGROUND_APPS</pt>
                    <pd>7: (iOS only) The app window is in Slide Over, Split View, or Picture-in-Picture mode, and another app is using the camera. Prompt the user that video capture cannot proceed in this case.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_NOT_FOUND</pt>
                    <pd>8: Local video capture device not found. Check whether the camera is properly connected and functioning, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_DISCONNECTED</pt>
                    <pd>9: (macOS and Windows only) The video capture device in use has been disconnected (e.g., unplugged).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_INVALID_ID</pt>
                    <pd>10: (macOS and Windows only) The SDK cannot find the video device in the list. Check whether the video device ID is valid.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_MINIMIZED</pt>
                    <pd>11: (macOS and Windows only) The window shared via <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/> is minimized. The SDK cannot share minimized windows. Prompt the user to restore the window.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_CLOSED</pt>
                    <pd>12: (macOS and Windows only) The window shared via window ID is closed, or a fullscreen window shared via window ID has exited fullscreen. After exiting fullscreen, remote users cannot see the shared window. To avoid showing a black screen, it is recommended to end the sharing immediately.
Common scenarios for this error code:
                        <ul>
                            <li>The local user closes the shared window.</li>
                            <li>The local user plays a slideshow and shares it; when the slideshow ends, the SDK reports this error.</li>
                            <li>The local user watches a web video or document in fullscreen, then shares it; when exiting fullscreen, the SDK reports this error.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_OCCLUDED</pt>
                    <pd>13: (Windows only) The window to be shared is blocked by another window. The blocked area will be blacked out during sharing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_INTERRUPT</pt>
                    <pd>14: (Android only) Video capture interrupted. Possible reasons:
                        <ul>
                            <li>The camera is occupied by another app. Prompt the user to check if the camera is in use.</li>
                            <li>The app has been switched to the background. Use a foreground service notification to ensure video capture continues in the background. See [Why does audio/video capture fail when the app is locked or in the background on some Android versions?](https://doc.shengwang.cn/faq/quality-issues/android-background).</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_FATAL_ERROR</pt>
                    <pd>15: (Android only) Video capture device error. Prompt the user to turn off and restart the camera to restore functionality. If the issue persists, check for hardware faults.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_FAILURE</pt>
                    <pd>21: (Windows and Android only) The current captured window has no data.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_NO_PERMISSION</pt>
                    <pd>22: (Windows and macOS only) No permission to capture the screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_AUTO_FALLBACK</pt>
                    <pd>24: (Windows only) An unexpected error occurred during screen sharing (possibly due to window exclusion failure), causing the screen sharing strategy to downgrade, but the sharing itself is not affected.
                        <note>During screen sharing, if window exclusion fails due to device driver issues, the SDK reports this event and automatically falls back to sharing the entire screen. If your scenario requires excluding specific windows for privacy, listen for this event and add additional privacy protection mechanisms when triggered.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_HIDDEN</pt>
                    <pd>25: (Windows only) The window being captured is hidden and not visible on the current screen.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_RECOVER_FROM_HIDDEN</pt>
                    <pd>26: (Windows only) The window being captured has recovered from a hidden state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_RECOVER_FROM_MINIMIZED</pt>
                    <pd>27: (macOS and Windows only) The window being captured has recovered from a minimized state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_PAUSED</pt>
                    <pd>28: (Windows only) Screen capture is paused. Common scenario: the current screen may have switched to a secure desktop, such as a UAC dialog or Winlogon desktop.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_RESUMED</pt>
                    <pd>29: (Windows only) Screen capture has resumed from a paused state.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_DISPLAY_DISCONNECTED</pt>
                    <pd>30: (Windows and macOS only) The display being captured has been disconnected. Prompt the user that screen sharing is paused and restart sharing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_EXCLUDE_WINDOW_FAILED</pt>
                    <pd>34: (Windows only) Some windows in the exclusion list failed to be excluded during screen sharing.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_SYSTEM_PRESSURE</pt>
                    <pd>101: The video capture device is unavailable due to excessive system pressure.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>