<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_contentinspecttype">
    <title><ph keyref="CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">The type of video content moderation module.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Type of video content inspection module.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Type of video content inspection module.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Type of video content inspection module.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>ContentInspectInvalid</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) This module has no actual function. Do not set <codeph>type</codeph> to this value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>ContentInspectSupervision</pt>
                    <pd>2: Uses Agora's self-developed plugin to capture and upload screenshots. The SDK captures and uploads screenshots of the video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>ContentInspectImageModeration</pt>
                    <pd>3: Uses a Marketplace plugin to capture and upload screenshots. The SDK uses a Marketplace video moderation plugin to capture and upload screenshots of the video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>ContentInspectInvalid</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) This module has no actual functionality. Do not set <codeph>type</codeph> to this value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>ContentInspectSupervision</pt>
                    <pd>2: Use Agora self-developed plugin for screenshot upload. The SDK takes screenshots of the video stream and uploads them.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>ContentInspectImageModeration</pt>
                    <pd>3: Use cloud marketplace plugin for screenshot upload. The SDK uses the cloud marketplace video moderation plugin to take screenshots of the video stream and upload them.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>contentInspectInvalid</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) This module has no actual functionality. Do not set <codeph>type</codeph> to this value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>contentInspectSupervision</pt>
                    <pd>2: Uses Agora's proprietary plugin for screenshot upload. The SDK captures and uploads screenshots of the video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>contentInspectImageModeration</pt>
                    <pd>3: Uses Cloud Marketplace plugin for screenshot upload. The SDK uses the Cloud Marketplace video moderation plugin to capture and upload screenshots of the video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CONTENT_INSPECT_INVALID</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) This module has no actual function. Do not set <codeph>type</codeph> to this value.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CONTENT_INSPECT_SUPERVISION</pt>
                    <pd>2: Uses Agora's proprietary plugin for screenshot and upload. The SDK captures and uploads screenshots of the video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>CONTENT_INSPECT_IMAGE_MODERATION</pt>
                    <pd>3: Uses cloud marketplace plugin for screenshot and upload. The SDK uses the cloud marketplace video moderation plugin to capture and upload screenshots of the video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>