<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_backgroundblurdegree">
    <title><ph keyref="BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Blur level of custom background image.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Degree of background blur for custom background image.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Degree of background blur for custom background images.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Blur level of the custom background image.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>BlurDegreeLow</pt>
                    <pd>1: Low blur level for the custom background image. Users can almost clearly see the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>BlurDegreeMedium</pt>
                    <pd>2: Medium blur level for the custom background image. Users have difficulty seeing the background clearly.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>BlurDegreeHigh</pt>
                    <pd>3: (Default) High blur level for the custom background image. Users can barely see the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>BlurDegreeLow</pt>
                    <pd>1: Low blur level for custom background image. Users can almost clearly see the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>BlurDegreeMedium</pt>
                    <pd>2: Medium blur level for custom background image. Users have difficulty seeing the background clearly.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>BlurDegreeHigh</pt>
                    <pd>3: (Default) High blur level for custom background image. Users can barely see the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>blurDegreeLow</pt>
                    <pd>1: Low degree of background blur. Users can almost clearly see the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>blurDegreeMedium</pt>
                    <pd>2: Medium degree of background blur. Users have some difficulty seeing the background clearly.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>blurDegreeHigh</pt>
                    <pd>3: (Default) High degree of background blur. Users can barely see the background.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>BLUR_DEGREE_LOW</pt>
                    <pd>1: Low blur level for the custom background image. The background is still somewhat visible to the user.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>BLUR_DEGREE_MEDIUM</pt>
                    <pd>2: Medium blur level for the custom background image. The background is harder to distinguish.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>BLUR_DEGREE_HIGH</pt>
                    <pd>3: (Default) High blur level for the custom background image. The background is barely visible.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>