<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_videodenoiserlevel">
    <title><ph keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Video denoising level.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Video denoising level.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Video denoising level.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Video denoising level.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>VideoDenoiserLevelHighQuality</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Denoising prioritizing video quality. This level balances performance consumption and denoising effect. It has moderate performance consumption, moderate denoising speed, and optimal overall image quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>VideoDenoiserLevelFast</pt>
                    <pd>1: Denoising prioritizing performance. This level focuses on saving performance at the cost of denoising effect. It has lower performance consumption and faster denoising speed. To avoid noticeable trailing artifacts in the processed video, it is recommended to use this setting when the camera is stationary.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>VideoDenoiserLevelHighQuality</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Denoising with priority on video quality. Balances performance consumption and denoising effect. Moderate performance usage, moderate speed, optimal overall quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>VideoDenoiserLevelFast</pt>
                    <pd>1: Denoising with priority on performance. Focuses on saving performance over denoising effect. Low performance consumption, fast speed. To avoid noticeable ghosting, it is recommended to use this setting when the camera is stationary.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>videoDenoiserLevelHighQuality</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Video denoising prioritizing image quality. Balances performance consumption and denoising effect. Moderate performance consumption and denoising speed, optimal overall image quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>videoDenoiserLevelFast</pt>
                    <pd>1: Video denoising prioritizing performance. Focuses on saving performance at the cost of denoising effect. Lower performance consumption and faster denoising speed. To avoid noticeable trailing effects in processed video, it is recommended to use this setting when the camera is stationary.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY</pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Video denoising prioritizing image quality. This level balances performance consumption and denoising effect. It has moderate performance consumption and denoising speed, providing optimal overall quality.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_FAST</pt>
                    <pd>1: Video denoising prioritizing performance. This level focuses on saving performance in the balance between performance consumption and denoising effect. It consumes less performance and has faster denoising speed. To avoid noticeable ghosting in the processed video, it is recommended to use this setting when the camera is stationary.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>