<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_cloudproxytype">
    <title><ph keyref="CLOUD_PROXY_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" props="electron">Cloud proxy types.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="rn">Cloud proxy type.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="flutter">Cloud proxy type.</ph><ph id="shortdesc" props="unity">Cloud proxy type.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details" props="electron flutter rn unity">
            <title>Enumerations</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>NoneProxy</pt>
                    <pd>0: Auto mode. This is the default mode enabled by the SDK. In this mode, the SDK first tries to connect via SD-RTN™. If that fails, it automatically switches to TLS 443.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>UdpProxy</pt>
                    <pd>1: UDP protocol cloud proxy, i.e., Force UDP mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data using the UDP protocol.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>TcpProxy</pt>
                    <pd>2: TCP (encrypted) protocol cloud proxy, i.e., Force TCP mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data using TLS 443.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>NoneProxy</pt>
                    <pd>0: Automatic mode. This is the default mode. In this mode, the SDK first tries to connect via SD-RTN™. If it fails, it automatically switches to TLS 443.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>UdpProxy</pt>
                    <pd>1: UDP cloud proxy, i.e., Force UDP mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data via UDP.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rn">
                    <pt>TcpProxy</pt>
                    <pd>2: TCP (encrypted) cloud proxy, i.e., Force TCP mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data via TLS 443.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>noneProxy</pt>
                    <pd>0: Automatic mode. This is the default mode enabled by the SDK. In this mode, the SDK first attempts to connect to SD-RTN™. If the connection fails, it automatically switches to TLS 443.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>udpProxy</pt>
                    <pd>1: Cloud proxy using UDP protocol, also known as Force UDP mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data via UDP.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="flutter">
                    <pt>tcpProxy</pt>
                    <pd>2: Cloud proxy using TCP (encrypted) protocol, also known as Force TCP mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data via TLS 443.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>NONE_PROXY</pt>
                    <pd>0: Automatic mode. This is the default mode. In this mode, the SDK first connects to SD-RTN™. If it fails, it automatically switches to TLS 443.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>UDP_PROXY</pt>
                    <pd>1: UDP protocol cloud proxy, i.e., Force UDP mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data via UDP.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity">
                    <pt>TCP_PROXY</pt>
                    <pd>2: TCP (encrypted) protocol cloud proxy, i.e., Force TCP mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data via TLS 443.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>