<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_iaudioframeobserverbase_onrecordaudioframe">
    <title><ph keyref="onRecordAudioFrame"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Gets the captured audio frame.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onRecordAudioFrame"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract boolean onRecordAudioFrame(int type, int samplesPerChannel, int bytesPerSample,
int channels, int samplesPerSec, ByteBuffer buffer, long renderTimeMs, int avsync_type);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (BOOL)onRecordAudioFrame:(AgoraAudioFrame* _Nonnull)frame;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual bool onRecordAudioFrame(AudioFrame&amp; audioFrame) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onRecordAudioFrame?(channelId: string, audioFrame: AudioFrame): boolean;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual bool OnRecordAudioFrame(string channelId, AudioFrame audioFrame)
{
 return true;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onRecordAudioFrame?(channelId: string, audioFrame: AudioFrame): boolean;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(String channelId, AudioFrame audioFrame)?
onRecordAudioFrame</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <note type="note" id="note">
            <ul>
                <li>Before joining the channel, you need to call the<xref keyref="registerAudioFrameObserver"/>  to register audio observer object, that is, register the  callback<apiname keyref="onRecordAudioFrame"/>.</li>
                <li>To ensure that the data format of captured audio frame is as expected, Agora recommends that you choose one of the following two methods to set the audio data format:<ul>
                        <li>If<xref keyref="setRecordingAudioFrameParameters"/> you call  to<apiname keyref="onRecordAudioFrame"/> set the acquired audio data format, the SDK calculates the sampling interval according to the parameters in this method, and triggers the  callback according to the sampling interval.</li>
                        <li>If you set the<xref keyref="getRecordAudioParams"/> acquired audio data format in the return value of the  callback, the SDK calculates the sampling interval according to the return value of the callback, and trigger the  callback according to the sampling interval<apiname keyref="onRecordAudioFrame"/>.</li>      
                    </ul></li>
                <li props="flutter">由于 Flutter 框架的限制，该回调不支持将处理后的音频数据发送回 SDK。</li>
            </ul>
            </note></section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameter</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp electron rn flutter unity">audioFrame</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">frame</pt>
                <pd>The raw audio data. See <xref keyref="AudioFrame"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity rn electron flutter" id="id">
                <pt>channelId</pt>
                <pd>The channel ID.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml>
            <parml props="android">
            <plentry id="type">
                <pt>type</pt>
                <pd>The audio frame type.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="samplesPerChannel">
                <pt>samplesPerChannel</pt>
                <pd>The number of samples per channel in the audio frame.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="bytesPerSample">
                <pt>bytesPerSample</pt>
                <pd>The number of bytes per audio sample. For example, each PCM audio sample usually takes up 16 bits (2 bytes).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="channels">
                <pt>channels</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The number of channels.<ul>
                    <li>1: Mono.</li>
                    <li>2: Stereo. If the channel uses stereo, the data is interleaved.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="samplesPerSec">
                <pt>samplesPerSec</pt>
                <pd>Recording sample rate (Hz).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="buffer">
                <pt>buffer</pt>
                <pd>The audio buffer. The buffer size = samplesPerChannel x channels x bytesPerSample.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="renderTimeMs">
                <pt>renderTimeMs</pt>
                <pd>The timestamp (ms) of the external audio frame. You can use this parameter for the following purpose: Synchronize audio and video frames in video or audio related scenarios, including where external video sources are used.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="avsync">
                <pt>avsync_type</pt>
                <pd>Reserved for future use.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <p>Reserved for future use.</p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>