---
title: Manage Recorded Files
platform: All Platforms
updatedAt: 2021-03-02 02:27:51
---
## Overview

Agora Cloud Recording generates M3U8 index files and TS/WebM slice files after a recording. To process the recorded files, such as merging the audio and video files, or synchronizing the playback with other stream files, you need to know the naming conventions of the recorded files, how to parse the information in the M3U8 file, and when slicing occurs.

## Naming conventions

### Individual mode

In individual recording mode, the naming conventions are as follows:

M3U8 file: `<sid>_<cname>__uid_s_<uid>__uid_e_<type>.m3u8`
TS file: `<sid>_<cname>__uid_s_<uid>__uid_e_<type>_utc.ts`
WebM file: `<sid>_<cname>__uid_s_<uid>__uid_e_<type>_utc.webm`

Where:

- `<sid>`: Recording ID
- `<cname>`: Channel name
- `<uid>`: User ID
- `<type>`: File type, `audio` or `video`
- `<utc>`: The UTC time when the slice file starts. The time zone is UTC+0, and the timestamp consists of the year, month, day, hour, minute, second, and millisecond. When `utc` is `20190611073246073`, for example, the slice file starts at 07:32:46.073 a.m., June 11, 2019.

In the file name `sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_video_20190920125142485.ts`, `sid713476478245` is the recording ID, `cnameagora` is the channel name, `123` is the user ID, and the start time of the recording is 12:51:42.485 a.m., September 20, 2019.

### Composite mode

In composite recording mode, the naming conventions are as follows:

- M3U8 files: `<sid>_<cname>.m3u8`
- TS files: `<sid>_<cname>_<utc>.ts`

Where:

- `<sid>` is the recording ID;
- `<cname>` is the channel name;
- `<utc>` is the starting time (UTC) of the TS file. The time zone is UTC+0. The timestamp consists of the year, month, day, hour, minute, second, and millisecond. For example, if `<utc>` is `20190611073246073`, the starting time of the TS file is 07:32:46.073 a.m., June 11, 2019.


### Recorded files tranferred from the Agora Cloud Backup

If Agora Cloud Recording fails to upload the recorded files to the third-party cloud storage, it transfers the files to the third-party cloud storage from the Agora Cloud Backup. In order not to overwrite the latest files, the M3U8 file is suffixed with `_<tick>_<index>.m3u8`. 

For example, in individual recording mode, in the file name `sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_video_22194679897_3.m3u8`, `22194679897` is the number of ticks from when the system starts to when the index file is generated, `3` is the index of the M3U8 file, meaning that the file is the third M3U8 file snapshot updated in the recording instance. 

The naming conventions of other types of transferred files remain the same.


### Recorded files after service is resumed

When [a cloud recording server is disconnected or the process killed](/en/faq/high-availability), the cloud recording service enables the high availability mechanism, where the fault processing center automatically switches to a new server within 90 seconds to resume the service. Each time the service enables the high availability mechanism, it creates a new M3U8 file, which contains the index information of the recorded slice files from the time when the service is resumed. The file name is prefixed with `bak<n>`, where `n` stands for the number of times the mechanism is enabled in a recording, and starts off with `0`.
	
For example, in composite recording mode, in the file name `bak0_sid713476478245_cnameagora.m3u8`, `bak0` indicates that this file is generated after the service enables the high availability mechanism for the first time.
	
The naming conventions of other types of transferred files remain the same.

## M3U8 fIle

The M3U8 file contains the file names of several slice files and descriptive symbols. The M3U8 file generated by Agora Cloud Recording has three descriptive symbols:

- `#EXT-X-AGORA-TRACK-EVENT:EVENT=<event>,TRACK_TYPE=<type>,TIME=<utc>`: The first slice file after a stream starts or restarts after an interruption has this descriptive symbol, which describes the state of the stream.
  - `EVENT`: Name of the event. Currently, `EVENT` can only be `START`, which means that the stream has started or restarted after an interruption.
  - `TRACK_TYPE`: The content of the slice file, `AUDIO` or `VIDEO`.
  - `TIME`: Time when the state of the stream changes. `TIME` is in UTC and the time zone is UTC+0.
- `#EXT-X-AGORA-ROTATE:WIDTH=<width>,HEIGHT=<height>,ROTATE=<rotate>,TIME=<utc>`: The first slice file after a video rotates has this descriptive symbol, which describes the details of the rotation. A slice file may have several such symbols.
  - `WIDTH`: Width of the video.
  - `HEIGHT`: Height of the video.
  - `ROTATE`: The degrees by which the video rotates anticlockwise. `ROTATE` can only be `0`, `90`, `180`, or `270`.
  - `TIME`: The time when the video rotates. `TIME` is in UTC and the time zone is UTC+0.
- `#EXTINF:<length>`: Length of the slice file in seconds.

For example:

```
#EXT-X-AGORA-ROTATE:WIDTH=640,HEIGHT=480,ROTATE=90,TIME=20190920125142485
#EXT-X-AGORA-TRACK-EVENT:EVENT=START,TRACK_TYPE=VIDEO,TIME=20190920125142485
#EXTINF:6.332000
sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_video_20190920125142485.ts
```

The sample M3U8 file above contains the file name of a TS file and three descriptive symbols, which indicates that the TS file is the first slice file after the video stream starts or restarts after an interruption, the video rotates by 90 degrees anticlockwise, and the TS file lasts for 6.332 seconds.

## Slicing

### Video file slicing

Slicing occurs when any of the following conditions is met:

- When an I frame appears and the slice file reaches 15 seconds.
- The codec changes.
- The width or height of the video changes.
- The video stream is interrupted.
- When you set the browser to use H.264 codec for encoding, forced slicing occurs when the slice file reaches 5.5 minutes, or the file size is over 50 MB. After forced slicing, the first frame of the new slice file might not be an I frame, in which case the slice file cannot be decoded and played directly. For example, in the communication channel, sometimes only one I frame may appear in several hours. In such case, the first frame of the new slice file is probably not an I frame.

When you set the browser to use VP8 codec, Agora Cloud Recording will not force slicing the file.

### Audio file slicing

Slicing occurs when an I frame appears and the slice file reaches 15 seconds.

## Sample M3U8 file for audio

```
#EXTM3U
#EXT-X-VERSION:3
#EXT-X-MEDIA-SEQUENCE:0
#EXT-X-ALLOW-CACHE:YES
#EXT-X-TARGETDURATION:18
#EXT-X-DISCONTINUITY
#EXT-X-AGORA-TRACK-EVENT:EVENT=START,TRACK_TYPE=AUDIO,TIME=20190920125142289
#EXTINF:15.019000
sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_audio_20190920125142289.ts
#EXTINF:15.019000
sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_audio_20190920125157307.ts
#EXTINF:15.019000
sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_audio_20190920125212326.ts
#EXTINF:15.019000
sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_audio_20190920125227345.ts
#EXTINF:12.523000
sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_audio_20190920125242363.ts
#EXT-X-ENDLIST
```

## Sample M3U8 file for video

```
#EXTM3U
#EXT-X-VERSION:3
#EXT-X-MEDIA-SEQUENCE:0
#EXT-X-ALLOW-CACHE:YES
#EXT-X-TARGETDURATION:18
#EXT-X-DISCONTINUITY
#EXT-X-AGORA-ROTATE:WIDTH=640,HEIGHT=480,ROTATE=0,TIME=20190920125142485
#EXT-X-AGORA-TRACK-EVENT:EVENT=START,TRACK_TYPE=VIDEO,TIME=20190920125142485
#EXTINF:6.332000
sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_video_20190920125142485.ts
#EXT-X-AGORA-ROTATE:WIDTH=1280,HEIGHT=720,ROTATE=0,TIME=20190920125149174
#EXT-X-DISCONTINUITY
#EXTINF:17.442000
sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_video_20190920125149174.ts
#EXT-X-DISCONTINUITY
#EXT-X-AGORA-ROTATE:WIDTH=640,HEIGHT=480,ROTATE=0,TIME=20190920125206616
#EXTINF:33.326000
sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_video_20190920125206616.ts
#EXT-X-DISCONTINUITY
#EXT-X-AGORA-ROTATE:WIDTH=1280,HEIGHT=720,ROTATE=0,TIME=20190920125239942
#EXTINF:14.815000
sid713476478245_cnameagora__uid_s_123__uid_e_video_20190920125239942.ts
#EXT-X-ENDLIST
```