
# Authenticate your users with Access Tokens

Authentication is the act of validating the identity of each user who has credentials to access your system, and providing them with a digital certificate that gives specific rights to parts of the system. For example a standard user may join a Video Call, but not initiate one.

COMMENT: add something else here if it helps explain things.

COMMENT: one reason I dislike Markdown is there is no default syntax to add comments.

This section shows you how to validate a token generated by a token server in your client app when a user tries to access your system.

COMMENT: we use 5 different terms for token. Let us decide on one and stick to that.

##  Understand the tech

A token is ...

Expiration in here

Roles and privileges in here.

The following figure shows the steps in the authentication flow:

COMMENT: Add a BRANDED workflow diagram here. If you don't know how to do this, ask Iain.


## Prerequisites

In order to follow this procedure you must have:

1. Done this.
1. And probably something else.
1. Even another thing.

## Implement the authentication flow

This section shows you how to supply and consume a token that gives rights to specific functionality to authenticated users

### Generate a token

The documentation in this section should be an explanation on how to click https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/AgoraIO-Community/TokenServer-nodejs and have a running server.

COMMENT: Rewrite the docs in https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/AgoraIO-Community/TokenServer-nodejs to match what is written here.

This code example is not production ready, to generate your own token and integrate it in your security infrastructure, follow the documentation in https://github.com/AgoraIO/Tools/tree/master/DynamicKey/AgoraDynamicKey.

COMMENT: All the docs in https://github.com/AgoraIO/Tools/tree/master/DynamicKey/AgoraDynamicKey must be rewritten. Each language must have a single page procedure like this one explaining how to implement the code. The https://github.com/AgoraIO/Tools/tree/master/DynamicKey/AgoraDynamicKey landing page has to be rewritten in to something useful with links to the implementations.

COMMENT: For https://github.com/AgoraIO/Tools/tree/master/DynamicKey/AgoraDynamicKey, the title is AgoraDynamicKey. Do you mean Agora Dynamic Key, or are you referring to an Access Token or a token. Let's use one term here.

### Grant user rights in your app base on token credentials

COMMENT: this title is probably using incorrect terminology for tokens.

COMMENT: may need a couple of intro sentences here.

To implement the client side of the authentication flow in your app:

1. Do something.
1. Do something else.

## Test the authentication flow

COMMENT: Explain how to easily test the authentication server and client the user has just implemented.

1. Do this
1. Do that
1. You get the idea
1. Get the reader to login using incorrect credentials to show that users are kept out.

Yay, it works.


## Reference

The parameters used in this procedure are:

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Type</th>
    <th>Default</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>shakespeare</td>
    <td>job</td>
    <td>playwright</td>
    <td>

Set `shakespeare` to `poet` to enable the sonnet writing functionality for this instance.

Possible values are:

* `actor` - someone who pretends to be someone else while performing in a film, play, or television or radio programme.
* `director` - a person who is in charge of a film or play and tells the actors how to play their parts.
* `impresario` - a person who arranges different types of public entertainment, such as theatre, musical, and dance events.
* `playwright` - a person who writes [plays](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Play_(theatre)).
* `poet` - a person who writes [poems](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poetry).

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


