<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enablewebsdkinteroperability">
    <title><ph keyref="enableWebSdkInteroperability" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables interoperability with the Agora Web SDK (applicable only in the live streaming scenarios).</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableWebSdkInteroperability" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableWebSdkInteroperability(boolean enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableWebSdkInteroperability:(BOOL)enabled;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableWebSdkInteroperability(bool enabled) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int EnableWebSdkInteroperability(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableWebSdkInteroperability(enabled: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableWebSdkInteroperability(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableWebSdkInteroperability(enabled: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; enableWebSdkInteroperability(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                <dd>The SDK automatically enables interoperability with the Web SDK, so you no longer need to call this method.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>You can call this method to enable or disable interoperability with the Agora Web SDK. If a channel has Web SDK users, ensure that you call this method, or the video of the Native user will be a black screen for the Web user.</p>
            <p>This method is only applicable in live streaming scenarios, and interoperability is enabled by default in communication scenarios.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enabled</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable interoperability:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable interoperability.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Disable interoperability.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>