<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setenablespeakerphone_ng">
    <title><ph keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables/Disables the audio route to the speakerphone.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setEnableSpeakerphone(boolean enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setEnableSpeakerphone:(BOOL)enableSpeaker;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setEnableSpeakerphone(bool speakerOn) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetEnableSpeakerphone(bool speakerOn);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>If the default audio route of the SDK (see <xref keyref="guide-audio-route">Set the Audio Route</xref>) or the setting in <xref keyref="setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone"/> cannot meet your requirements, you can call this method to switch the current audio route. After a successful method call, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioRouteChanged"/> callback.<xref keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/></p>
            <p>This method only sets the audio route in the current channel and does not influence the default audio route. If the user leaves the current channel and joins another channel, the default audio route is used.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li props="cpp unity">This method applies to Android and iOS only.</li>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>If the user uses an external audio playback device such as a Bluetooth or wired headset, this method does not take effect, and the SDK plays audio through the external device. When the user uses multiple external devices, the SDK plays audio through the last connected device.</li>
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android">enabled</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">enableSpeaker</pt>
                <pt props="cpp unity">speakerOn</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Sets whether to enable the speakerphone or earpiece:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/>: Enable super resolution. The audio route is the speakerphone.</codeph></li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Disable the speakerphone. The audio route is the earpiece.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul id="ul_ahk_23f_3qb">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
