<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startscreencapture_ng">
    <title><ph keyref="startScreenCapture"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts screen sharing.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startScreenCapture"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startScreenCapture(ScreenCaptureParameters screenCaptureParameters);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startScreenCapture:(AgoraScreenCaptureParameters2* _Nonnull)parameters NS_SWIFT_NAME(startScreenCapture(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp"> virtual int startScreenCapture(const ScreenCaptureParameters2&amp; captureParams) = 0;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartScreenCapture(byte[] mediaProjectionPermissionResultData, ScreenCaptureParameters captureParams);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p props="unity">After successfully calling this method, you can share the entire screen through <xref keyref="MediaProjection-link">MediaProjection</xref>, an Android native class.</p>
            <p id="apisequence" props="android ios cpp unity">There are two ways to start screen sharing, you can choose one according to the actual needs:<ul>
            <li>Call this method before joining a channel, and then call <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/> to join a channel and set <parmname>publishScreenCaptureVideo</parmname><ph props="unity"> or <parmname>publishSecondaryScreenTrack</parmname> </ph> to <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph> to start screen sharing.</li>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel, and then call <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/> and set <parmname>publishScreenCaptureVideo</parmname><ph props="unity"> or <parmname>publishSecondaryScreenTrack</parmname> </ph> to <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph> to start screen sharing.</li>
            </ul></p>
            <p props="ios">When the screen sharing extension process starts, ends, or quits unexpectedly, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and reports following states:<ul>
            <li><apiname keyref="AgoraLocalVideoStreamErrorExtensionCaptureStarted"/>(13): The extension for the screen sharing process starts.</li>
            <li><apiname keyref="AgoraLocalVideoStreamErrorExtensionCaptureStoped"/>(14): The extension for the screen sharing process ends.</li>
            <li><apiname keyref="AgoraLocalVideoStreamErrorExtensionCaptureDisconnected"/>(15): The extension for the screen sharing process exits unexpectedly.</li>
            </ul></p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li props="cpp unity">This method is for Android only.</li>
            <li props="unity">Before calling this method, you need to implement <xref keyref="onActivityResult-link">onActivityResult</xref>, an Android native callback, and obtain the value of the <parmname>data</parmname> parameter in this callback.</li>
            <li props="unity">When sharing the screen on Android 10 or later, to avoid the Android system from triggering <xref keyref="SecurityException-link">SecurityException</xref>, you need to call <xref keyref="startForeground-link">startForeground</xref> (an Android native method) before calling <xref keyref="MediaProjection-link">MediaProjection</xref> to notify the user that the current device starts screen sharing.</li>
            <li props="ios">Screen sharing is only available for iOS 12 or later.</li>
            <li props="cpp ios">The billing for the screen sharing stream is based on the <parmname>dimensions</parmname> in <apiname keyref="ScreenVideoParameters"/>. When you do not pass in a value, Agora bills you at 1280 × 720; when you pass a value in, Agora bills you at that value. For details, see <xref keyref="guide-bill"/>.</li>
            <li props="ios">If you are using the custom audio source instead of the SDK to capture audio, Agora recommends you add the keep-alive processing logic to your application to avoid screen sharing stopping when the application goes to the background.</li>
            <li props="ios">This feature requires high-performance device , and Agora recommends that you use it on iPhone X and later models.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="unity">
                <pt>mediaProjectionPermissionResultData</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Pass in the <parmname>data</parmname> parameter of the <apiname>onActivity</apiname> callback.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="params">
                <pt props="ios">parameters</pt>
                <pt props="android">ScreenCaptureParameters</pt>
                <pt props="cpp unity">captureParams</pt>
                <pd>The screen sharing encoding parameters. The default video dimension is 1920 x 1080, that is, 2,073,600 pixels. Agora uses the value of this parameter to calculate the charges. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters" props="unity"/><xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters2" props="android ios cpp"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: 方法调用失败

                <ul>
                <li>-2: The parameter is null.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
