<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_joinchannelwithuseraccount2">
    <title><ph keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount2" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Join a channel using a user account and token, and set the media options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount2" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int joinChannelWithUserAccount(
                    String token, String channelName, String userAccount, ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)joinChannelByToken:(NSString * _Nullable)token
                channelId:(NSString * _Nonnull)channelId
              userAccount:(NSString * _Nonnull)userAccount
             mediaOptions:(AgoraRtcChannelMediaOptions * _Nonnull)mediaOptions
              joinSuccess:(void(^ _Nullable)(NSString * _Nonnull channel, NSUInteger uid, NSInteger elapsed))joinSuccessBlock;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int joinChannelWithUserAccount(const char* token,
                const char* channelId,
                const char* userAccount,
                const ChannelMediaOptions&amp; options) = 0; </codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int JoinChannelWithUserAccount(FString token, FString channelId, FString userAccount, const FChannelMediaOptions&amp; options);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract joinChannelWithUserAccount(
    token: string,
    channelId: string,
    userAccount: string,
    options?: ChannelMediaOptions
  ): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int JoinChannelWithUserAccount(string token, string channelId, string userAccount,
            ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract joinChannelWithUserAccount(
    token: string,
    channelId: string,
    userAccount: string,
    options?: ChannelMediaOptions
  ): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; joinChannelWithUserAccount(
    {required String token,
    required String channelId,
    required String userAccount,
    ChannelMediaOptions? options});</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p id="account">Before calling this method, if you have not called <xref keyref="registerLocalUserAccount"/> to register a user account, when you call this method to join a channel, the SDK automatically creates a user account for you. Calling the <xref keyref="registerLocalUserAccount"/> method to register a user account, and then calling this method to join a channel can shorten the time it takes to enter the channel.</p>
            <p props="flutter rn electron bp">Once a user joins the channel, the user subscribes to the audio and video streams of all the other users in the channel by default, giving rise to usage and <b>billings</b>. To stop subscribing to a specified stream or all remote streams, call the corresponding <apiname>mute</apiname> methods.</p>
            <p props="android ios mac cpp unreal cs unity">Compared to <xref keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount1" />, this method has the <parmname>options</parmname> parameter which is used to set media options, such as whether to publish audio and video streams within a channel. By default, the user subscribes to the audio and video streams of all the other users in the channel, giving rise to usage and <b>billings</b>. To stop subscribing to other streams, set the <parmname>options</parmname> parameter or call the corresponding <apiname>mute</apiname> methods.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">To ensure smooth communication, use the same parameter type to identify the user. For example, if a user joins the channel with a UID, then ensure all the other users use the UID too. The same applies to the user account. If a user joins the channel with the Agora Web SDK, ensure that the ID of the user is set to the same parameter type.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details" conkeyref="joinChannel2/timing">
            </section>
            <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details" conkeyref="joinChannel2/restriction">
            </section>
            <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details">
                <title>Related callbacks</title>
                <p>After the user successfully joins the channel, the SDK triggers the following callbacks:<ul>
                    <li>The local client: <xref keyref="onLocalUserRegistered" />, <xref keyref="onJoinChannelSuccess" /> and <xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged" /> callbacks.</li>
                    <li>The remote client: The <xref keyref="onUserJoined" /> and <xref keyref="onUserInfoUpdated" /> callbacks if a user joins the channel in the COMMUNICATION profile, or if a host joins the channel in the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile.</li>
                    </ul></p>
            </section>
            <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannel2/token">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android hmos">channelName</pt>
                <pt props="cpp unreal bp ios mac unity flutter electron rn cs">channelId</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p conkeyref="joinChannel2/channelID_desc" />
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="userAccount">
                <pt>userAccount</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The user account. This parameter is used to identify the user in the channel for real-time audio and video engagement. You need to set and manage user accounts yourself and ensure that each user account in the same channel is unique. The maximum length of this parameter is 255 bytes. Ensure that you set this parameter and do not set it as <ph keyref="NULL" />. Supported characters are as follows(89 in total):<ul>
                    <li>The 26 lowercase English letters: a to z.</li>
                    <li>The 26 uppercase English letters: A to Z.</li>
                    <li>All numeric characters: 0 to 9.</li>
                    <li>Space</li>
                    <li>"!", "#", "$", "%", "&amp;", "(", ")", "+", "-", ":", ";", "&lt;", "=", ".", ">", "?", "@", "[", "]", "^", "_", "{", "}", "|", "~", ","</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannel2/options">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannel2/joinsuccessblock" props="ios mac">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section conkeyref="joinChannel2/return_values" id="return_values"/>
    </refbody>
</reference>
