<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_joinchannel2_ng">
    <title><ph keyref="joinChannel2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Joins a channel with media options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="joinChannel2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int joinChannel(
      String token, String channelId, int uid, ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)joinChannelByToken:(NSString * _Nullable)token
                channelId:(NSString * _Nonnull)channelId
                      uid:(NSUInteger)uid
             mediaOptions:(AgoraRtcChannelMediaOptions * _Nonnull)mediaOptions
              joinSuccess:(void(^ _Nullable)(NSString * _Nonnull channel, NSUInteger uid, NSInteger elapsed))joinSuccessBlock;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int joinChannel(const char* token, const char* channelId, uid_t uid,
                          const ChannelMediaOptions&amp; options) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">joinChannel(
    token: string,
    info: string,
    uid: number,
    options?: ChannelMediaOptions
    ): number</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int JoinChannel(string token, string channelId, uint uid,
                                ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p id="desc1">This method enables users to join a channel. Users in the same channel can
                talk to each other, and multiple users in the same channel can start a group chat.
                Users with different App IDs cannot call each other.</p>
            <p id="desc2">A successful call of this method triggers the following callbacks: <ul>
                    <li>The local client: The <xref keyref="onJoinChannelSuccess"/> and <xref
                            keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/> callbacks.</li>
                    <li>The remote client: <xref keyref="onUserJoined"/>, if the user joining the
                        channel is in the Communication profile or is a host in the
                        Live-broadcasting profile.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p id="desc3">When the connection between the client and Agora's server is interrupted
                due to poor network conditions, the SDK tries reconnecting to the server. When the
                local client successfully rejoins the channel, the SDK triggers the <xref
                    keyref="onRejoinChannelSuccess"/> callback on the local client.</p>
            <p props="android ios mac cpp">Compared to <xref keyref="joinChannel1"/>, this method
                adds the <parmname>options</parmname> parameter to configure whether to
                automatically subscribe to all remote audio and video streams in the channel when
                the user joins the channel. By default, the user subscribes to the audio and video
                streams of all the other users in the channel, giving rise to usage and billings. To
                unsubscribe, set the <parmname>options</parmname> parameter or call the
                    <apiname>mute</apiname> methods accordingly.</p>
            <note id="note_cyz_w1l_mqb" type="attention">
                <ul id="ul_sz1_y1l_mqb">
                    <li>This method allows users to join only one channel at a time.</li>
                    <li>Ensure that the app ID you use to generate the token is the same app ID that
                        you pass in the <xref keyref="create2"/> method; otherwise, you may fail to
                        join the channel by token.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry id="token">
                    <pt>token</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The token generated on your server for authentication. <ph
                                props="android ios mac cpp">See <xref keyref="guide-token"
                                    >Authenticate Your Users with Token</xref>.</ph></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="channelID">
                    <pt>channelId</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p id="channelID_desc">The channel name. This parameter signifies the
                            channel in which users engage in real-time audio and video interaction.
                            Under the premise of the same App ID, users who fill in the same channel
                            ID enter the same channel for audio and video interaction. The string
                            length must be less than 64 bytes. Supported character scopes are:<ul
                                id="char_support">
                                <li>All lowercase English letters: a to z.</li>
                                <li>All uppercase English letters: A to Z.</li>
                                <li>All numeric characters: 0 to 9.</li>
                                <li>Space</li>
                                <li>"!", "#", "$", "%", "&amp;amp;", "(", ")", "+", "-", ":", ";",
                                    "&amp;lt;", "= ", ".", "&amp;gt;", "?", "@", "[", "]", "^", "_",
                                    "{", "}", "|", "~", ","</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="uid">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID. This parameter is used to identify the user in the channel for
                        real-time audio and video interaction. You need to set and manage user IDs
                        yourself, and ensure that each user ID in the same channel is unique. This
                        parameter is a 32-bit unsigned integer. The value range is 1 to
                            2<sup>32</sup>-1. If the user ID is not assigned (or set to 0), the SDK
                        assigns a random user ID and returns it in the <apiname
                            keyref="onJoinChannelSuccess"/> callback. Your application must record
                        and maintain the returned user ID, because the SDK does not do so.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="options">
                    <pt props="android cpp electron unity">options</pt>
                    <pt props="ios mac">mediaOptions</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p id="options_desc">The channel media options. See <xref
                                keyref="ChannelMediaOptions"/>.</p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="ios mac" id="joinsuccessblock">
                    <pt>joinSuccessBlock</pt>
                    <pd>Occurs when a user joins a channel. If you implement
                            both<codeph>joinSuccessBlock</codeph>and <xref
                            keyref="onJoinChannelSuccess"/>, <codeph>joinSuccessBlock</codeph> takes
                        higher priority than <apiname keyref="onJoinChannelSuccess"/>. Agora
                        recommends setting <codeph>joinSuccessBlock</codeph> as <codeph>nil</codeph>
                        to use <apiname keyref="onJoinChannelSuccess"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
                        <li>-2: The parameter is invalid. For example, the token is invalid, the
                                <parmname>uid</parmname> parameter is not set to an integer, or the
                            value of a member in the <xref keyref="ChannelMediaOptions"/> structure
                            is invalid. You need to pass in a valid parameter and join the channel
                            again.</li>
                        <li>-3: Failes to initialize the <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object. You
                            need to reinitialize the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object.</li>
                        <li>-7: The <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object has not been initialized.
                            You need to initialize the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object before
                            calling this method.</li>
                        <li>-8: The internal state of the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object is
                            wrong. The typical cause is that you call this method to join the
                            channel without calling <xref keyref="stopEchoTest"/> to stop the test
                            after calling <xref keyref="startEchoTest2"/> to start a call loop test.
                            You need to call <apiname keyref="stopEchoTest"/> before calling this
                            method.</li>
                        <li>-17: The request to join the channel is rejected. The typical cause is
                            that the user is in the channel. Agora recommends using the <xref
                                keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/> callback to get whether the user
                            is in the channel. Do not call this method to join the channel unless
                            you receive the <apiname keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_DISCONNECTED"/>(1)
                            state.</li>
                        <li>-102: The channel name is invalid. You need to pass in a valid channel
                            name in <parmname>channelId</parmname> to rejoin the channel.</li>
                        <li>-121: The user ID is invalid. You need to pass in a valid user ID in
                                <parmname>uid</parmname> to rejoin the channel.</li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
