<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_addvideowatermark">
    <title><ph keyref="addVideoWatermark1"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Adds a watermark image to the local
        video.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="addVideoWatermark1"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int addVideoWatermark(AgoraImage watermark);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)addVideoWatermark:(AgoraImage * _Nonnull)watermark</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int addVideoWatermark(const RtcImage&amp; watermark) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int AddVideoWatermark(RtcImage watermark);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                    <dd>This method is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="addVideoWatermark2"/>
                        instead.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>This method adds a PNG watermark image to the local video stream in a live streaming
                session. Once the watermark image is added, all the users in the channel (CDN
                audience included) and the video capturing device can see and capture it. If you
                only want to add a watermark to the CDN live streaming, see descriptions in <xref
                    keyref="setLiveTranscoding"/>.</p>
            <note type="attention">
                <ul>
                    <li>The URL descriptions are different for the local video and CDN live
                        streaming: In a local video stream, URL refers to the absolute path of the
                        added watermark image file in the local video stream. In a CDN live stream,
                        URL refers to the URL address of the added watermark image in the CDN live
                        streaming.</li>
                    <li>The source file of the watermark image must be in the PNG file format. If
                        the width and height of the PNG file differ from your settings in this
                        method, the PNG file will be cropped to conform to your settings.</li>
                    <li>The Agora SDK supports adding only one watermark image onto a local video or
                        CDN live stream. The newly added watermark image replaces the previous
                        one.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>watermark</pt>
                    <pd>The watermark image to be added to the local live streaming: <xref
                            keyref="RtcImage"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
