<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setsubscribeaudioblocklist">
    <title><ph keyref="setSubscribeAudioBlocklist" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Set the blocklist of subscriptions for audio streams.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setSubscribeAudioBlocklist" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setSubscribeAudioBlocklist(int[] uidList);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setSubscribeAudioBlocklist:(NSArray &lt;NSNumber *&gt; *_Nonnull)blocklist;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setSubscribeAudioBlocklist(uid_t* uidList, int uidNumber) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp" />
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setSubscribeAudioBlocklist(
    uidList: number[],
    uidNumber: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetSubscribeAudioBlocklist(uint[] uidList, int uidNumber);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setSubscribeAudioBlocklist(
    uidList: number[],
    uidNumber: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> setSubscribeAudioBlocklist(
      {required List&lt;int> uidList, required int uidNumber});</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>You can call this method to specify the audio streams of a user that you do not want to subscribe to.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
            <ul>
            <li id="order">You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>The blocklist is not affected by the setting<xref keyref="muteRemoteAudioStream" /> in ,<xref keyref="muteAllRemoteAudioStreams" /><xref keyref="ChannelMediaOptions" />  and <parmname>autoSubscribeAudio</parmname> in .</li>
            <li id="effect">Once the blocklist of subscriptions is set, it is effective even if you leave the current channel and rejoin the channel.</li>
            <li id="priority">If a user is added in the allowlist and blocklist at the same time, only the blocklist takes effect.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="list">
                <pt props="android cpp electron unity rn flutter">uidList</pt>
                <pt props="apple">blocklist</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The user ID list of users that you do not want to subscribe to.</p>
                    <p>If you want to specify the audio streams of a user that you do not want to subscribe to, add the user ID in this list. If you want to remove a user from the blocklist, you need to call the<xref keyref="setSubscribeAudioBlocklist" />  method to update the user ID list; this means you only add the uid of users that you do not want to subscribe to in the new user ID list<parmname></parmname>.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp electron unity rn flutter" id="uidnumber">
                <pt>uidNumber</pt>
                <pd>The number of users in the user ID list.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
