<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_takesnapshot">
    <title><ph keyref="takeSnapshot" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Takes a snapshot of a video stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="takeSnapshot" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int takeSnapshot(String channel, int uid, String filePath);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac">- (NSInteger)takeSnapshot:(NSString* _Nonnull)channel uid:(NSInteger)uid filePath:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int takeSnapshot(const char* channel, uid_t uid, const char* filePath) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract takeSnapshot(config: SnapShotConfig): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int TakeSnapshot(SnapShotConfig config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract takeSnapshot(config: SnapShotConfig): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> takeSnapshot(SnapShotConfig config);</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method takes a snapshot of a video stream from the specified user, generates a JPG image, and saves it to the specified path.</p>
            <p><ph>The method is asynchronous, and the SDK has not taken the snapshot when the method call returns. </ph><ph props="native rn electron flutter">After a successful method call, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onSnapshotTaken"/> callback to report whether the snapshot is successfully taken, as well as the details for that snapshot.</ph></p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>If the user's video has been preprocessed, for example, watermarked or beautified, the resulting snapshot includes the pre-processing effect.</li>
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt>channel</pt>
                <pd>The channel name.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID. Set <codeph>uid</codeph> as 0 if you want to take a snapshot of the local user's video.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt>filePath</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The local path (including filename extensions) of the snapshot. For example:<ul>
                    <li props="cpp flutter">Windows: <ph>C:\Users\&lt;user_name>\AppData\Local\Agora\&lt;process_name>\example.jpg</ph></li>
                    <li props="cpp ios flutter">iOS: <ph>/App Sandbox/Library/Caches/example.jpg</ph></li>
                    <li props="cpp mac flutter ">macOS: <ph>～/Library/Logs/example.jpg</ph></li>
                    <li props="cpp android flutter">Android: <ph>/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;package name>/files/example.jpg</ph></li>
                    </ul>Ensure that the path you specify exists and is writable.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
                <plentry props="unity rn electron flutter">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>The configuration of the snaptshot, see <xref keyref="SnapShotConfig" />.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native unity rn electron">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>