<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_createdatastream2">
    <title><ph keyref="createDataStream2" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Creates a data stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="createDataStream2" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int createDataStream(DataStreamConfig config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">public abstract createDataStream(config: DataStreamConfig): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)createDataStream:(NSInteger * _Nonnull)streamId
                  config:(AgoraDataStreamConfig * _Nonnull)config;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int createDataStream(int* streamId, const DataStreamConfig&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int CreateDataStream(int&amp; streamId, const FDataStreamConfig&amp; config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract createDataStream(config: DataStreamConfig): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int CreateDataStream(ref int streamId, DataStreamConfig config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract createDataStream(config: DataStreamConfig): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;int&gt; createDataStream(DataStreamConfig config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p props="android cpp apple unreal unity cs">Compared to <xref keyref="createDataStream1" />, this method does not guarantee the reliability of data transmission. If a data packet is not received five seconds after it was sent, the SDK directly discards the data.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note" props="android apple cpp unity flutter">If you need a more comprehensive solution for low-latency, high-concurrency, and scalable real-time messaging and status synchronization, it is recommended to use <xref keyref="rtm2"/>.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>Each user can create up to five data streams during the lifecycle of <xref keyref="IRtcEngine" />. The data stream will be destroyed when leaving the channel, and the data stream needs to be recreated if needed.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="cpp unreal bp ios mac unity cs" id="streamId">
                <pt>streamId</pt>
                <pd>An output parameter; the ID of the data stream created.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="config">
                <pt>config</pt>
                <pd>The configurations for the data stream. See <xref keyref="DataStreamConfig" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <ul>
            <li props="cpp unreal bp ios mac unity cs">0: The data stream is successfully created.</li>
            <li props="android hmos electron flutter rn">ID of the created data stream, if the method call succeeds.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul></section>
        </refbody>
</reference>