<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setrecordingaudioframeparameters">
    <title><ph keyref="setRecordingAudioFrameParameters" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the format of the captured raw audio data.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRecordingAudioFrameParameters" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRecordingAudioFrameParameters(
      int sampleRate, int channel, int mode, int samplesPerCall);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setRecordingAudioFrameParametersWithSampleRate:(NSInteger)sampleRate
                                              channel:(NSInteger)channel
                                                 mode:(AgoraAudioRawFrameOperationMode)mode
                                       samplesPerCall:(NSInteger)samplesPerCall;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setRecordingAudioFrameParameters(int sampleRate,
    int channel,
    RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE mode,
    int samplesPerCall) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setRecordingAudioFrameParameters(
    sampleRate: number,
    channel: number,
    mode: RawAudioFrameOpModeType,
    samplesPerCall: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetRecordingAudioFrameParameters(int sampleRate, int channel, RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE mode, int samplesPerCall);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setRecordingAudioFrameParameters(
    sampleRate: number,
    channel: number,
    mode: RawAudioFrameOpModeType,
    samplesPerCall: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setRecordingAudioFrameParameters(
    {required int sampleRate,
    required int channel,
    required RawAudioFrameOpModeType mode,
    required int samplesPerCall});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>Sets the<xref keyref="onRecordAudioFrame" /> audio format for the  callback.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Ensure that you call this method before joining a channel.</li>
            <li>The SDK calculates the sampling interval based on the <parmname>samplesPerCall</parmname>, <parmname>sampleRate</parmname> and <parmname>channel</parmname> parameters set in this method.<equation-inline><parmname>Sample</parmname> interval (<parmname>sec</parmname>) = <parmname>samplePerCall</parmname>/(<parmname>sampleRate</parmname> × <parmname>channel</parmname>)</equation-inline>. Ensure that the sample interval ≥ 0.01 (s). <ph props="android ios mac cpp unity">The SDK triggers the <apiname keyref="onRecordAudioFrame" /> callback according to the sampling interval.</ph></li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>sampleRate</pt>
                <pd props="native unity flutter rn"><apiname keyref="onRecordAudioFrame" />The sample rate returned in the  callback, which can be set as 8000, 16000, 32000, 44100, or 48000 Hz.</pd>
                <pd props="electron">The sample rate returned in the SDK, which can be set as 8000, 16000, 32000, 44100, or 48000 Hz.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>channel</pt>
                <pd props="native unity flutter rn">
                    <p><apiname keyref="onRecordAudioFrame" />The number of channels returned in the  callback:<ul>
                    <li>1: Mono.</li>
                    <li>2: Stereo.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
                <pd props="electron">
                    <p>The number of channels returned by the SDK. You can set the value as 1 or 2:<ul>
                    <li>1: Mono.</li>
                    <li>2: Stereo.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>mode</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="ios mac cpp unity flutter rn electron">The use mode of the audio frame. See <xref keyref="RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE" />.</p>
                    <p conkeyref="registerAudioFrameObserver2_IMediaPlayer/mode" props="android" />
                </pd>
                <pd props="electron">The use mode of the returned data from the SDK. See <xref keyref="RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>samplesPerCall</pt>
                <pd props="native unity flutter rn"><apiname keyref="onRecordAudioFrame" />The number of data samples returned in the  callback, such as 1024 for the Media Push.</pd>
                <pd props="electron">The number of data samples returned in the SDK, such as 1024 for the media push.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly.</p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native unity electron rn">0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
