<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setbeautyeffectoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="setBeautyEffectOptions" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the image enhancement options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setBeautyEffectOptions" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setBeautyEffectOptions(boolean enabled, BeautyOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setBeautyEffectOptions:(BOOL)enable options:(AgoraBeautyOptions* _Nullable)options;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setBeautyEffectOptions(bool enabled, const BeautyOptions&amp; options, agora::media::MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = agora::media::PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int SetBeautyEffectOptions(bool enabled, const FBeautyOptions&amp; options, EMEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setBeautyEffectOptions(
    enabled: boolean,
    options: BeautyOptions,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetBeautyEffectOptions(bool enabled, BeautyOptions options, MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE.PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setBeautyEffectOptions(
    enabled: boolean,
    options: BeautyOptions,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setBeautyEffectOptions(
    {required bool enabled,
    required BeautyOptions options,
    MediaSourceType type = MediaSourceType.primaryCameraSource});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>Enables or disables image enhancement, and sets the options.</p>
            <note type="note" id="req">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo" /> or <xref keyref="startPreview2" />.</li>
                    <li props="android">This method only applies to Android 5.0 or later.</li>
                    <li>This method relies on the image enhancement dynamic library <codeph><ph keyref="clearvision"/></codeph>. If the dynamic library is deleted, the function cannot be enabled normally.</li>
                    <li>This feature has high requirements on device performance. When calling this method, the SDK automatically checks the capabilities of the current device.</li>
                </ul>
            </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="enable">
                <pt props="android cpp unreal bp unity flutter rn electron cs">enabled</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">enable</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable the image enhancement function:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable the image enhancement function.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Disable the image enhancement function.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="options">
                <pt>options</pt>
                <pd>The image enhancement options. See <xref keyref="BeautyOptions" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity rn electron flutter cs" conkeyref="enableExtension/source">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ul>
                    <li>-4: The current device does not support this feature. Possible reasons include:<ul>
                            <li>The current device capabilities do not meet the requirements for image enhancement. Agora recommends you replace it with a high-performance device.</li>
                            <li props="android rn unity flutter cs">The current device version is lower than Android 5.0 and does not support this feature. Agora recommends you replace the device or upgrade the operating system.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
