<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_startorupdatechannelmediarelayex">
    <title><ph keyref="startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts relaying media streams across channels or updates the channels for media stream relay.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx(
      ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration channelMediaRelayConfiguration, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx:(AgoraChannelMediaRelayConfiguration * _Nonnull)config connection:(AgoraRtcConnection * _Nonnull)connection NS_SWIFT_NAME(startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx(_:connection:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelayEx(const ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration&amp; configuration, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startChannelMediaRelayEx(
    configuration: ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration,
    connection: RtcConnection
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartChannelMediaRelayEx(ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration configuration, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startChannelMediaRelayEx(
    configuration: ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration,
    connection: RtcConnection
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> startChannelMediaRelayEx(
      {required ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration configuration,
      required RtcConnection connection});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"/></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.2.0</dd>
            </dlentry></dl>
            <p>The first successful call to this method starts relaying media streams from the source channel to the destination channels. To relay the media stream to other channels, or exit one of the current media relays, you can call this method again to update the destination channels.</p>
            <p>After a successful method call, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback, and this callback returns the state of the media stream relay. Common states are as follows:<ul>
            <li>If the <apiname keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback returns <apiname keyref="RELAY_STATE_RUNNING"/> (2) and <apiname keyref="RELAY_OK"/> (0), it means that the SDK starts relaying media streams between the source channel and the destination channel.</li>
            <li>If the <apiname keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback returns <apiname keyref="RELAY_STATE_FAILURE"/> (3), an exception occurs during the media stream relay.</li>
            </ul> </p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Call this method after joining the channel.</li>
            <li>This method takes effect only when you are a host in a live streaming channel.</li>
            <li>The relaying media streams across channels function needs to be enabled by contacting <xref keyref="ticket-link"/>.</li>
            <li>We do not support string user accounts in this API.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android">channelMediaRelayConfiguration</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">config</pt>
                <pt props="cpp framework">configuration</pt>
                <pd>The configuration of the media stream relay. See <xref keyref="ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly.</p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native electron unity rn">0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
                <li>-1: A general error occurs (no specified reason).</li>
                <li>-2: The parameter is invalid.</li>
                <li>-7: The method call was rejected. It may be because the SDK has not been initialized successfully, or the user role is not an host.</li>
                <li>-8: Internal state error. Probably because the user is not an audience member.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
