<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_enableremotesuperresolution">
    <title><ph keyref="enableRemoteSuperResolution"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables/Disables the super resolution algorithm for a remote user's video stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableRemoteSuperResolution"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableRemoteSuperResolution(int uid, boolean enable);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableRemoteSuperResolution:(NSUInteger)uid enable:(BOOL)enable;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableRemoteSuperResolution(uid_t userId, bool enable) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableRemoteSuperResolution(uint userId, bool enable);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; enableRemoteSuperResolution(int userId, bool enable);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v3.5.1</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>This function can effectively improve the resolution of the remote video picture seen by the local user, that is, the width and height (pixels) of the video received by the specified remote user are enlarged to 2 times original size.</p>
            <p props="rtc">After you call this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onUserSuperResolutionEnabled"/> callback to report whether you have successfully enabled super resolution.</p>
            <p props="rtc-ng">After calling this method, you can confirm whether super resolution is successfully enabled through the remote video stream statistics (<xref keyref="RemoteVideoStats" />) in the <xref keyref="onRemoteVideoStats" /> callback:<ul>
                <li>If the parameter <parmname>superResolutionType</parmname> >0: Super resolution is enabled.</li>
                <li>If parameter <parmname>superResolutionType</parmname> =0: Super resolution is not enabled.</li></ul>
            </p>
            <note type="caution">
            <p props="cpp unity flutter">The super resolution feature requires extra system resources. To balance the visual experience and system resource consumption, this feature can only be enabled for a single remote user. If the local user uses super resolution on Android, the original resolution of the remote user's video cannot exceed 640 × 360 pixels; if the local user uses super resolution on iOS, the original resolution of the remote user's video cannot exceed 640 × 480 pixels.</p>
            <p props="android ios">The super resolution feature requires extra system resources. To balance the visual experience and system consumption, this feature can only be enabled for a single remote user. If the local user uses super resolution on Android, the original resolution of the remote user's video cannot exceed <ph props="android">640 × 360</ph><ph props="ios">640 × 480 </ph> pixels.</p>
            <p props="rtc">If you exceed these limitations, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onWarning"/> callback and returns all corresponding warning codes:<ul>
            <li><ph keyref="WARN_SUPER_RESOLUTION_STREAM_OVER_LIMITATION"/>: 1610. The origin resolution of the remote video is beyond the range where super resolution can be applied.</li>
            <li><ph keyref="WARN_SUPER_RESOLUTION_USER_COUNT_OVER_LIMITATION"/>: 1611. Super resolution is already being used on another remote user's video.</li>
            <li><ph keyref="WARN_SUPER_RESOLUTION_DEVICE_NOT_SUPPORTED"/>: 1612. The device does not support using super resolution.</li>
            </ul></p>
            </note>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li props="cpp unity flutter rn">This method applies to Android and iOS only.</li>
            <li>Before calling this method, ensure that you have integrated the following dynamic libraries:<ul>
                <li props="android cpp unity flutter rn">Android: <ph>libagora_super_resolution_extension.so</ph></li>
                <li props="ios cpp unity flutter rn">iOS: <ph>AgoraSuperResolutionExtension.xcframework</ph></li>
                </ul> </li>
            <li>Because this method has certain system performance requirements, Agora recommends that you use the following devices or better:<ul>
                <li props="android cpp unity flutter rn">Android:<ul>
                    <li>VIVO: V1821A, NEX S, 1914A, 1916A, 1962A, 1824BA, X60, X60 Pro</li>
                    <li>OPPO: PCCM00, Find X3</li>
                    <li>OnePlus: A6000</li>
                    <li>Xiaomi: Mi 8, Mi 9, Mi 10, Mi 11, MIX3, Redmi K20 Pro</li>
                    <li>SAMSUNG: SM-G9600, SM-G9650, SM-N9600, SM-G9708, SM-G960U, SM-G9750, S20, S21</li>
                    <li>HUAWEI: SEA-AL00, ELE-AL00, VOG-AL00, YAL-AL10, HMA-AL00, EVR-AN00, nova 4, nova 5 Pro, nova 6 5G, nova 7 5G, Mate 30, Mate 30 Pro, Mate 40, Mate 40 Pro, P40, P40 Pro, Huawei M6, MatePad 10.8</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li props="ios cpp unity flutter rn">iOS:<ul>
                    <li>iPhone XR</li>
                    <li>iPhone XS</li>
                    <li>iPhone XS Max</li>
                    <li>iPhone 11</li>
                    <li>iPhone 11 Pro</li>
                    <li>iPhone 11 Pro Max</li>
                    <li>iPhone 12</li>
                    <li>iPhone 12 mini</li>
                    <li>iPhone 12 Pro</li>
                    <li>iPhone 12 Pro Max</li>
                    <li>iPhone 12 SE (2nd generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad Pro 11-inch (3rd generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad Pro 12.9-inch (3rd generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad Air 3 (3rd generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad Air 3 (4th generation)</li>
                    </ul></li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp unity flutter">userId</pt>
                <pt props="android ios">uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID of the remote user.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enable</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable super resolution for the remote user’s video:<ul>
                        <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable super resolution.</li>
                        <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Disable super resolution.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron unity native" >
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul props="rtc">
                <li>-157: The dynamic library for super resolution is not integrated.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
