<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_addpublishstreamurlex">
    <title><ph keyref="addPublishStreamUrlEx" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Publishes the local stream to a specified CDN live streaming URL.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="addPublishStreamUrlEx" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int addPublishStreamUrlEx(
                String url, boolean transcodingEnabled, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)addPublishStreamUrlEx:(NSString * _Nonnull)url
          transcodingEnabled:(BOOL)transcodingEnabled
                  connection:(AgoraRtcConnection * _Nonnull)connection;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int addPublishStreamUrlEx(const char* url, bool transcodingEnabled, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int AddPublishStreamUrlEx(string url, bool transcodingEnabled, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract addPublishStreamUrlEx(url: string, transcodingEnabled: boolean, connection: RtcConnection): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract addPublishStreamUrlEx(
    url: string,
    transcodingEnabled: boolean,
    connection: RtcConnection
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">  Future&lt;void&gt; addPublishStreamUrlEx(
      {required String url,
      required bool transcodingEnabled,
      required RtcConnection connection});</codeblock>            
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>After calling this method, you can push media streams in RTMP or RTMPS protocol to the CDN according to <xref keyref="RtcConnection" />. The SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged" /> callback on the local client to report the state of adding a local stream to the CDN.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
            <ul>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>Ensure that the Media Push function is enabled.</li>
            <li>This method takes effect only when you are a host in live interactive streaming.</li>
            <li>This method adds only one streaming URL to the CDN each time it is called. To push multiple URLs, call this method multiple times.</li>
            <li>In one <xref keyref="IRtcEngineEx" /> instance, you can only push one upstream media stream to the CDN (such as the video stream captured by the camera or the video stream for screen sharing selected by <apiname keyref="RtcConnection" />).</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="addPublishStreamUrl/url">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="addPublishStreamUrl/transcoding">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp unity rn electron cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ul>
                <li>-2: Invalid parameter, usually an empty URL or a string with a length of 0.</li>
                <li>-7: The engine is not initialized when streaming.</li>
                </ul> </li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>