<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ibasespatialaudioengine_setplayerattenuation">
    <title><ph keyref="setPlayerAttenuation" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the sound attenuation properties of the media player.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setPlayerAttenuation" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setPlayerAttenuation(int playerId, double attenuation, boolean forceSet);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setPlayerAttenuation:(double)attenuation playerId:(NSUInteger)playerId forceSet:(BOOL)forceSet;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setPlayerAttenuation(int playerId, double attenuation, bool forceSet) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetPlayerAttenuation(int playerId, double attenuation, bool forceSet);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setPlayerAttenuation(
    playerId: number,
    attenuation: number,
    forceSet: boolean
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetPlayerAttenuation(int playerId, double attenuation, bool forceSet);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setPlayerAttenuation(
    playerId: number,
    attenuation: number,
    forceSet: boolean
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setPlayerAttenuation(
      {required int playerId,
      required double attenuation,
      required bool forceSet});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp" /></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.0.1</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="updatePlayerPositionInfo/mpkid">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>attenuation</pt>
                <pd>The sound attenuation coefficient of the remote user or media player. The value range is [0,1]. The values are as follows:<ul id="attenuation">
                    <li>0: Broadcast mode, where the volume and timbre are not attenuated with distance, and the volume and timbre heard by local users do not change regardless of distance.</li>
                    <li>(0,0.5): Weak attenuation mode, that is, the volume and timbre are only weakly attenuated during the propagation process, and the sound can travel farther than the real environment.</li>
                    <li>0.5: (Default) simulates the attenuation of the volume in the real environment; the effect is equivalent to not setting the <parmname>speaker_attenuation</parmname> parameter.</li>
                    <li>(0.5,1]: Strong attenuation mode, that is, the volume and timbre attenuate rapidly during the propagation process.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>forceSet</pt>
                <pd>Whether to force the sound attenuation effect of the media player:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Force <parmname>attenuation</parmname> to set the attenuation of the user. At this time, the attenuation coefficient of the sound insulation area set in the <parmname>audioAttenuation</parmname> in the <xref keyref="SpatialAudioZone" /> does not take effect for the user.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not force <parmname>attenuation e to set the user's sound attenuation</parmname>ffect, as shown in the following two cases.<ul id="forceset-false">
                        <li>If the sound source and listener are inside and outside the sound isolation area, the sound attenuation effect is determined by the <parmname>audioAttenuation</parmname> in <apiname keyref="SpatialAudioZone" />.</li>
                        <li>If the sound source and the listener are in the same sound insulation area or outside the same sound insulation area, the sound attenuation effect is determined by <parmname>attenuation</parmname> in this method.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title" /></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException" /> exception is thrown; you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly.</p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native electron unity rn">0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>