<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setvoiceconversionpreset">
    <title><ph keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets a preset voice beautifier effect.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setVoiceConversionPreset(int preset);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setVoiceConversionPreset:(AgoraVoiceConversionPreset)preset;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setVoiceConversionPreset(VOICE_CONVERSION_PRESET preset) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int SetVoiceConversionPreset(FENUMWRAP_VOICE_CONVERSION_PRESET preset);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVoiceConversionPreset(preset: VoiceConversionPreset): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetVoiceConversionPreset(VOICE_CONVERSION_PRESET preset);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVoiceConversionPreset(preset: VoiceConversionPreset): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setVoiceConversionPreset(VoiceConversionPreset preset);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"/></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p>Call this method to set a preset voice changing effect for the local user who sends an audio stream. After setting the voice changing effect, all users in the channel can hear the effect. You can set different voice changing effects for the user depending on different scenarios.</p>
            <p props="cn"><ph props="native">The applicable scenarios for each voice-changing effect can be referred to <xref keyref="voice-changer-link"/>.</ph></p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>This method can be called either before or after joining the channel.</p>
            <p conkeyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset/recommend"/>
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <ul>
            <li conkeyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset/profile-note"/>
            <li>This method has the best effect on human voice processing, and Agora does not recommend calling this method to process audio data containing music.</li>
            <li>After calling <apiname keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/>, Agora does not recommend you to call the following methods, otherwise the effect set by <apiname keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/> will be overwritten:<ul>
                <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectParameters"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoicePitch"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceFormant"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceEqualization"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverb"/></li>
                </ul> </li>
            <li>This method relies on the voice beautifier dynamic library <codeph><ph keyref="audiobeauty"/></codeph>. If the dynamic library is deleted, the function cannot be enabled normally.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>preset</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="ios mac cpp unreal bp unity flutter rn electron cs">The options for the preset voice beautifier effects: <xref keyref="VOICE_CONVERSION_PRESET"/>.</p>
                    <p props="android hmos">The options for SDK preset voice conversion effects.<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CONVERSION_OFF"/>: Turn off voice conversion effects and use the original voice.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_NEUTRAL"/>: A gender-neutral voice. To avoid audio distortion, ensure that you use this enumerator to process a female-sounding voice.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_SWEET"/>: A sweet voice. To avoid audio distortion, ensure that you use this enumerator to process a female-sounding voice.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_SOLID"/>: A steady voice. To avoid audio distortion, ensure that you use this enumerator to process a male-sounding voice.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_BASS"/>: A deep voice. To avoid audio distortion, ensure that you use this enumerator to process a male-sounding voice.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
