<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_rtcengineex_playeffectex2">
    <title><ph keyref="playEffectEx2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Plays the specified audio effect in the specified channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="playEffectEx2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int playEffectEx(RtcConnection connection, int soundId, String filePath, int loopCount, double pitch, double pan, double gain, boolean publish);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)playEffectEx:(AgoraRtcConnection* _Nonnull)connection soundId:(int)soundId filePath:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath loopCount:(NSInteger)loopCount pitch:(double)pitch pan:(double)pan gain:(NSInteger)gain startPos:(int)startPos NS_SWIFT_NAME(playEffectEx(_:soundId:filePath:loopCount:pitch:pan:gain:startPos:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since:</dt>
                <dd props="android apple">Available since v4.6.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>This method allows you to choose whether to publish the audio effect in the channel. To play multiple audio effect files simultaneously, call this method multiple times with different <codeph>soundId</codeph> and <codeph>filePath</codeph>. It is recommended not to play more than three audio effect files at the same time. After preloading the audio effect with <codeph>preloadEffect</codeph>, you can call this method to play the specified audio effect to all users in the channel. Each call to this method can only play one audio effect. To play multiple effects simultaneously, call this method multiple times.</p>
            <note type="attention" props="apple">If you have preloaded the audio effect file into memory using <codeph>preloadEffect</codeph>, you can use this method to play the effect.</note>
            <note type="attention" props="android"><ul>
                        <li>Agora recommends not playing more than three audio effects simultaneously.</li>
                        <li>The audio effect ID and file path in this method must match those used in the <codeph>preloadEffect</codeph> method.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </note>
            </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Scenario</title>
            <p>This method is applicable in multi-channel scenarios.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>None.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="android apple">
                <pt props="android apple">connection</pt>
                <pd props="android">Channel connection information. See <codeph>RtcConnection</codeph>.</pd>
                <pd props="apple"><codeph>AgoraRtcConnection</codeph> object. See <codeph>AgoraRtcConnection</codeph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android apple">
                <pt props="android apple">soundId</pt>
                <pd props="android">The ID of the audio effect.</pd>
                <pd props="apple">The ID of the specified audio effect. Each effect must have a unique ID. If you preload the effect using the <codeph>preloadEffect</codeph> method, ensure this value matches the one used in <codeph>preloadEffect</codeph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android apple">
                <pt props="android apple">filePath</pt>
                <pd props="android">The absolute path of the local audio effect file or the URL of an online file. Supported formats: mp3, mp4, m4a, aac, 3gp, mkv, and wav.</pd>
                <pd props="apple">The absolute path (including file extension) of the local audio effect file or the URL of an online file, e.g., <codeph>/var/mobile/Containers/Data/audio.mp4</codeph>. Supported formats: mp3, mp4, m4a, aac, 3gp, mkv, and wav.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android apple">
                <pt props="android apple">loopCount</pt>
                <pd props="android">The number of times the audio effect loops:
                    <ul>
                        <li><codeph>-1</codeph>: Loops indefinitely until <codeph>stopEffect</codeph> or <codeph>stopAllEffects</codeph> is called.</li>
                        <li><codeph>0</codeph>: Plays once.</li>
                        <li><codeph>1</codeph>: Plays twice.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                <pd props="apple">Sets the number of times the audio effect loops:
                    <ul>
                        <li>0: Plays once.</li>
                        <li>1: Plays twice.</li>
                        <li>-1: Loops indefinitely until <codeph>stopEffect</codeph> or <codeph>stopAllEffects</codeph> is called.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android apple">
                <pt props="android apple">pitch</pt>
                <pd props="android">The pitch of the audio effect. Range: 0.5 to 2.0. Default is 1.0 (original pitch). The smaller the value, the lower the pitch.</pd>
                <pd props="apple">Sets the pitch of the audio effect. Range: 0.5 to 2. Default is 1 (original pitch). The smaller the value, the lower the pitch.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android apple">
                <pt props="android apple">pan</pt>
                <pd props="android">The spatial position of the audio effect. Range: -1.0 to 1.0:
                    <ul>
                        <li><codeph>-1.0</codeph>: Left.</li>
                        <li><codeph>0.0</codeph>: Center (front).</li>
                        <li><codeph>1.0</codeph>: Right.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                <pd props="apple">Sets the spatial position of the audio effect. Range: -1.0 to 1.0.
                    <ul>
                        <li>0.0: Center (front).</li>
                        <li>1.0: Right.</li>
                        <li>-1.0: Left.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android apple">
                <pt props="android apple">gain</pt>
                <pd props="android">The volume of the audio effect. Range: 0.0 to 100.0. Default is 100 (original volume). The smaller the value, the lower the volume.</pd>
                <pd props="apple">Sets the volume of the audio effect. Range: 0 to 100. Default is 100. The smaller the value, the lower the volume.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android apple">
                <pt props="android apple">publish</pt>
                <pd props="android">Whether to publish the audio effect in the channel:
                    <ul>
                        <li><codeph>true</codeph>: Publishes the effect so remote users can hear it.</li>
                        <li><codeph>false</codeph>: Does not publish the effect.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                <pd props="apple">Sets whether to publish the specified audio effect in the channel:
                    <ul>
                        <li><codeph>YES</codeph>: Publishes the effect so remote users can hear it.</li>
                        <li><codeph>NO</codeph>: Does not publish the effect.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android apple">
                <pt props="android apple">startPos</pt>
                <pd props="android apple">The start position for playing the audio effect file, in milliseconds.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="bp cs electron flutter native rn unity unreal">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
        <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
        <ul props="bp cpp cs electron rn unity unreal">
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
                </ul>
        <p props="android apple"><ul>
                        <li>0: Success.</li>
                        <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </p>
    </section>
        </refbody>
</reference>
