<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_updatechannelmediaoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Updates the channel media options after joining the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int updateChannelMediaOptions(ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)updateChannelWithMediaOptions:(AgoraRtcChannelMediaOptions* _Nonnull)mediaOptions;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int updateChannelMediaOptions(const ChannelMediaOptions&amp; options) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract updateChannelMediaOptions(options: ChannelMediaOptions): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int UpdateChannelMediaOptions(ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract updateChannelMediaOptions(options: ChannelMediaOptions): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; updateChannelMediaOptions(ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android cpp unity rn electron flutter">options</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">mediaOptions</pt>
                <pd>The channel media options. See <xref keyref="ChannelMediaOptions"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul id="ul_uns_l2y_hqb">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
                <li>-2: The value of a member in the <xref keyref="ChannelMediaOptions"/> structure is invalid. For example, the token or the user ID is invalid.  You need to fill in a valid parameter.</li>
                <li>-7: The <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object has not been initialized. You need to initialize the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> object before calling this method.</li>
                <li>-8: <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/>The internal state of the  object is wrong. The possible reason is that the user is not in the channel. Agora recommends using the <xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/> callback to get whether the user is in the channel. If you receive the <apiname keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_DISCONNECTED"/> (1) or <apiname keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_FAILED"/> (5) state, the user is not in the channel. You need to call <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/> to join a channel before calling this method.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
