<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setchannelprofile">
    <title><ph keyref="setChannelProfile" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the channel profile.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setChannelProfile" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setChannelProfile(int profile);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setChannelProfile:(AgoraChannelProfile)profile;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setChannelProfile(CHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE profile) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int SetChannelProfile(ECHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE profile);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setChannelProfile(profile: ChannelProfileType): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetChannelProfile(CHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE profile);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setChannelProfile(profile: ChannelProfileType): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setChannelProfile(ChannelProfileType profile);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>After initializing the SDK, the default channel profile is the live streaming profile. You can call this method to set the channel profile. The Agora SDK differentiates channel profiles and applies optimization algorithms accordingly. For example, it prioritizes smoothness and low latency for a video call and prioritizes video quality for interactive live video streaming.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul id="ul_mgd_h2l_b4b">
            <li>To ensure the quality of real-time communication, Agora recommends that all users in a channel use the same channel profile.</li>
            <li>This method must be called and set before <apiname keyref="joinChannel2" />, and cannot be set again after joining the channel.</li>
            <li props="android ios cpp unreal bp rn">The default audio route and video encoding bitrate are different in different channel profiles. See <xref keyref="setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone" /> and <xref keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration" />.</li>
            <li props="electron">The default video encoding bitrate are different in different channel profiles. See <xref keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration" />.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>profile</pt>
                <pd id="channelprofiletype">
                    <p props="ios mac cpp unreal bp electron unity flutter rn cs">The channel profile. See <xref keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE" />.</p>
                    <p props="android">The channel profile.<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_COMMUNICATION" /> (0): Communication. Use this profile when there are only two users in the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_LIVE_BROADCASTING" /> (1): Live streaming. Use this profile when there are more than two users in the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_GAME" /> (2): Gaming.<dl outputclass="deprecated">
                    <dlentry>
                    <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                    <dd>Use <ph keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_LIVE_BROADCASTING"/> instead.</dd>
                    </dlentry></dl>
                    </li>  
                    <li><ph keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_CLOUD_GAMING" /> (3): Interaction. The scenario is optimized for latency. Use this profile if the use case requires frequent interactions between users.<dl outputclass="deprecated">
                    <dlentry>
                    <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                    <dd>Use <ph keyref="CHANNEL_PROFILE_LIVE_BROADCASTING"/> instead.</dd>
                    </dlentry></dl>
                    </li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">0(ERR_OK): Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ul>
                <li>-2: The parameter is invalid.</li>
                <li>-7: The SDK is not initialized.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>