<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setlowlightenhanceoptions">
    <title> <ph keyref="setLowlightEnhanceOptions" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets low-light enhancement.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setLowlightEnhanceOptions" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setLowlightEnhanceOptions(boolean enabled, LowLightEnhanceOptions options);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setLowlightEnhanceOptions:(BOOL)enable options:(AgoraLowlightEnhanceOptions* _Nullable)options NS_SWIFT_NAME(setLowlightEnhanceOptions(_:options:));
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setLowlightEnhanceOptions(bool enabled, const LowlightEnhanceOptions&amp; options, agora::media::MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = agora::media::PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int SetLowlightEnhanceOptions(bool enabled, const FLowlightEnhanceOptions&amp; options, EMEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setLowlightEnhanceOptions(
    enabled: boolean,
    options: LowlightEnhanceOptions,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetLowlightEnhanceOptions(bool enabled, LowlightEnhanceOptions options, MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE.PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setLowlightEnhanceOptions(
    enabled: boolean,
    options: LowlightEnhanceOptions,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> setLowlightEnhanceOptions(
      {required bool enabled,
      required LowlightEnhanceOptions options,
      MediaSourceType type = MediaSourceType.primaryCameraSource});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p>You can call this method to enable the color enhancement feature and set the options of the color enhancement effect.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>The low-light enhancement feature can adaptively adjust the brightness value of the video captured in situations with low or uneven lighting, such as backlit, cloudy, or dark scenes. It restores or highlights the image details and improves the overall visual effect of the video.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <ul>
                <li>This method relies on the image enhancement dynamic library <codeph><ph keyref="clearvision"/></codeph>. If the dynamic library is deleted, the function cannot be enabled normally.</li>
                <li>Dark light enhancement has certain requirements for equipment performance. The low-light enhancement feature has certain performance requirements on devices. If your device overheats after you enable low-light enhancement, Agora recommends modifying the low-light enhancement options to a less performance-consuming level or disabling low-light enhancement entirely.</li>
                <li>If you want to prioritize image quality (<ph keyref="LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY"/>) when using the low-light enhancement function, you need to first call <xref keyref="setVideoDenoiserOptions"/> to achieve video noise reduction, the specific corresponding relationship is as follows:<ul>
                        <li>When low light enhancement is set to automatic mode (<ph keyref="LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_AUTO"/>), video noise reduction needs to be set to prioritize image quality (<ph keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY" />) and automatic mode (<ph keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_AUTO" />).</li>
                        <li>When low-light enhancement is set to manual mode (<ph keyref="LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_MANUAL"/>), video noise reduction needs to be set to prioritize image quality (<ph keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY" />) and manual mode (<ph keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_MANUAL" />).</li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="enable">
                <pt props="android cpp unreal bp electron unity rn flutter cs">enabled</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">enable</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable low-light enhancement:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable low-light enhancement.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Disable low-light enhancement.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="options">
                <pt>options</pt>
                <pd>The low-light enhancement options. See <xref keyref="LowlightEnhanceOptions" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp unreal bp rn unity electron flutter cs" id="type">
                    <pt>type</pt>
                    <pd>The type of the media source to which the filter effect is applied. See <xref keyref="MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE" />.<note type="attention">In this method, this parameter supports only the following two settings:<ul>
                    <li>Use the default value <apiname keyref="PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE"/> if you use camera to capture local video.</li>
                    <li>Set this parameter to <apiname keyref="CUSTOM_VIDEO_SOURCE"/> if you use custom video source.</li>
                    </ul></note></pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
