<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setlocalvoicereverbpreset">
    <title><ph keyref="setLocalVoiceReverbPreset"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the local voice reverberation option, including the virtual stereo.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setLocalVoiceReverbPreset"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setLocalVoiceReverbPreset(int reverbPreset);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int) setLocalVoiceReverbPreset:(AgoraAudioReverbPreset)reverbPreset;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setLocalVoiceReverbPreset(AUDIO_REVERB_PRESET reverbPreset) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetLocalVoiceReverbPreset(AUDIO_REVERB_PRESET reverbPreset);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
           <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> 
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>

   <dl outputclass="deprecated">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
  <dd>Use <xref keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/> or <xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/> instead.</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>This method sets the local voice reverberation for users in a COMMUNICATION channel or hosts in a live boradcasting channel. After successfully calling this method, all users in the channel can hear the voice with reverberation.</p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>When using the enumeration value prefixed with <codeph>AUDIO_REVERB_FX</codeph>, ensure that you set the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter in <xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> to <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/>(4) or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/> (5) before calling this method. Otherwise, the method setting is invalid.</li>
  <li props="native unreal bp">When calling the <apiname keyref="AUDIO_VIRTUAL_STEREO"/> method, Agora recommends setting the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter in <apiname keyref="setAudioProfile"/> as <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/> (5).</li>
  <li>This method has the best effect on human voice processing, and Agora does not recommend calling this method to process audio data containing music and a human voice.</li>
  <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameters</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt props="native unreal bp unity cs">reverbPreset</pt>
  <pt props="flutter">preset</pt>
  <pd><p props="ios mac cpp unreal bp unity flutter cs">The local voice reverberation option. The default value is <apiname keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_OFF"/>, which means the original voice. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_PRESET"/>. To achieve better voice effects, Agora recommends the enumeration whose name begins with <codeph>AUDIO_REVERB_FX</codeph>.</p></pd>
      <pd><p props="android">The local voice reverberation option. To achieve better voice effects, Agora recommends the enumeration whose name begins with <codeph>AUDIO_REVERB_FX</codeph>.<ul>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_OFF"/>: (Default) Turn off local voice reverberation, that is, to use the original voice.</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_KTV"/>: The reverberation style typical of a KTV venue (enhanced).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_VOCAL_CONCERT"/>: The reverberation style typical of a concert hall (enhanced).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_UNCLE"/>: The reverberation style typical of an uncle's voice.</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_SISTER"/>: The reverberation style typical of a little sister's voice.</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_STUDIO"/>: The reverberation style typical of a recording studio (enhanced).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_POPULAR"/>: The reverberation style typical of popular music (enhanced).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_RNB"/>: The reverberation style typical of R&amp;B music (enhanced).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_PHONOGRAPH"/>: The reverberation style typical of the vintage phonograph.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native unreal bp unity cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
