<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setlogfilesize_ng">
    <title><ph keyref="setLogFileSize" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the log file size.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setLogFileSize" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setLogFileSize(long fileSizeInKBytes);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setLogFileSize:(NSUInteger)fileSizeInKBytes;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setLogFileSize(unsigned int fileSizeInKBytes) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setLogFileSize(fileSizeInKBytes: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetLogFileSize(uint fileSizeInKBytes);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setLogFileSize(fileSizeInKBytes: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setLogFileSize(int fileSizeInKBytes);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                <dd>Use the <codeph>logConfig</codeph> parameter in <xref keyref="create2" /> instead.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>By default, the SDK generates five SDK log files and five API call log files with the following rules:</p>
            <ul id="logprinciple">
            <li>The SDK log files are: <codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph>, <codeph>agorasdk.1.log</codeph>, <codeph>agorasdk.2.log</codeph>, <codeph>agorasdk.3.log</codeph>, and <codeph>agorasdk.4.log</codeph>.</li>
            <li>The API call log files are: <codeph>agoraapi.log</codeph>, <codeph>agoraapi.1.log</codeph>, <codeph>agoraapi.2.log</codeph>, <codeph>agoraapi.3.log</codeph>, and <codeph>agoraapi.4.log</codeph>.</li>
            <li>The default size for each SDK log file is 1,024 KB; the default size for each API call log file is 2,048 KB. These log files are encoded in UTF-8.</li>
            <li>The SDK writes the latest logs in <codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph> or <codeph>agoraapi.log</codeph>.</li>
            <li>When <codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph> is full, the SDK processes the log files in the following order:<ol>
                <li>Delete the <codeph>agorasdk.4.log</codeph> file (if any).</li>
                <li>Rename <codeph>agorasdk.3.log</codeph> to <codeph>agorasdk.4.log</codeph>.</li>
                <li>Rename <codeph>agorasdk.2.log</codeph> to <codeph>agorasdk.3.log</codeph>.</li>
                <li>Rename <codeph>agorasdk.1.log</codeph> to <codeph>agorasdk.2.log</codeph>.</li>
                <li>Create a new <codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph> file.</li>
                </ol></li>
            <li>The overwrite rules for the <codeph>agoraapi.log</codeph> file are the same as for <codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph>.</li>
            </ul>
            <note id="note_qwq_w2g_3qb">
            <p>This method is used to set the size of the <codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph> file only and does not effect the <codeph>agoraapi.log file</codeph>.</p>
            </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>fileSizeInKBytes</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The size (KB) of an <codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph> file. The value range is [128,20480]. The default value is 1,024 KB. If you set <codeph>fileSizeInKByte</codeph> smaller than 128 KB, the SDK automatically adjusts it to 128 KB; if you set <codeph>fileSizeInKByte</codeph> greater than 20,480 KB, the SDK automatically adjusts it to 20,480 KB.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul id="ul_ahk_23f_3qb">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
