<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ibasespatialaudioengine_setdistanceunit">
    <title><ph keyref="setDistanceUnit" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the length (in meters) of the game engine distance per unit.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setDistanceUnit" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setDistanceUnit(float unit);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setDistanceUnit:(float)unit;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setDistanceUnit(float unit) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|ILocalSpatialAudioEngine&quot;)
	int SetDistanceUnit(float unit);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setDistanceUnit(unit: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetDistanceUnit(float unit);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setDistanceUnit(unit: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setDistanceUnit(double unit);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>In a game engine, the unit of distance is customized, while in the Agora spatial audio algorithm, distance is measured in meters. By default, the SDK converts the game engine distance per unit to one meter. You can call this method to convert the game engine distance per unit to a specified number of meters.</p>
            <note type="note" props="hide">Agora recommends calling this method before <xref keyref="enterRoom" />.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>unit</pt>
                <pd>The number of meters that the game engine distance per unit is equal to. The value of this parameter must be greater than 0.00, and the default value is 1.00. For example, setting unit as 2.00 means the game engine distance per unit equals 2 meters.<p>The larger the value is, the faster the sound heard by the local user attenuates when the remote user moves far away from the local user.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>