<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setvideodenoiseroptions">
    <title> <ph keyref="setVideoDenoiserOptions"/> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets video noise reduction.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setVideoDenoiserOptions"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setVideoDenoiserOptions(boolean enabled, VideoDenoiserOptions options);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setVideoDenoiserOptions:(BOOL)enable options:(AgoraVideoDenoiserOptions* _Nullable)options NS_SWIFT_NAME(setVideoDenoiserOptions(_:options:));
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setVideoDenoiserOptions(bool enabled, const VideoDenoiserOptions&amp; options, agora::media::MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = agora::media::PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int SetVideoDenoiserOptions(bool enabled, const FVideoDenoiserOptions&amp; options, EMEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVideoDenoiserOptions(
    enabled: boolean,
    options: VideoDenoiserOptions,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetVideoDenoiserOptions(bool enabled, VideoDenoiserOptions options, MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE.PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVideoDenoiserOptions(
    enabled: boolean,
    options: VideoDenoiserOptions,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> setVideoDenoiserOptions(
      {required bool enabled,
      required VideoDenoiserOptions options,
      MediaSourceType type = MediaSourceType.primaryCameraSource});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p>You can call this method to enable the video noise reduction feature and set the options of the video noise reduction effect.</p>
            <note type="note" id="advanced">如果该方法实现的降噪强度无法满足你的需求，声网推荐你调用 <xref keyref="setBeautyEffectOptions"/> 方法启用美颜磨皮功能，以获得更好的视频降噪效果。 强效降噪效果的 <xref keyref="BeautyOptions"/> 推荐设置如下：<ul>
                        <li><parmname>lighteningContrastLevel</parmname>：<ph keyref="LIGHTENING_CONTRAST_NORMAL" /></li>
                        <li><parmname>lighteningLevel</parmname>：0.0</li>
                        <li><parmname>smoothnessLevel</parmname>：0.5</li>
                        <li><parmname>rednessLevel</parmname>：0.0</li>
                        <li><parmname>sharpnessLevel</parmname>：0.1</li>
                    </ul></note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>适用场景</title>
            <p>Underlit environments and low-end video capture devices can cause video images to contain significant noise, which affects video quality. In real-time interactive scenarios, video noise also consumes bitstream resources and reduces encoding efficiency during encoding.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>调用时机</title>
            <p>Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>.</p>
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>调用限制</title>
            <ul>
                <li>This method relies on the image enhancement dynamic library <codeph><ph keyref="clearvision"/></codeph>. If the dynamic library is deleted, the function cannot be enabled normally.</li>
                <li>Video noise reduction has certain requirements for equipment performance. If your device overheats after you enable video noise reduction, Agora recommends modifying the video noise reduction options to a less performance-consuming level or disabling video noise reduction entirely.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="enable">
                <pt props="android cpp unreal bp unity electron rn flutter cs">enabled</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">enable</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable video noise reduction:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable video noise reduction.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Disable video noise reduction.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="options">
                <pt>options</pt>
                <pd>The video noise reduction options. See <xref keyref="VideoDenoiserOptions"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unreal bp rn unity electron flutter cs" conkeyref="setLowlightEnhanceOptions/type">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
