<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_enablevirtualbackground">
    <title><ph keyref="enableVirtualBackground"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">开启/关闭虚拟背景。</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableVirtualBackground"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableVirtualBackground(
      boolean enabled, VirtualBackgroundSource backgroundSource, SegmentationProperty segproperty);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableVirtualBackground:(BOOL)enable backData:(AgoraVirtualBackgroundSource* _Nullable)backData segData:(AgoraSegmentationProperty* _Nullable)segData;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp">virtual int enableVirtualBackground(bool enabled, VirtualBackgroundSource backgroundSource, SegmentationProperty segproperty, agora::media::MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = agora::media::PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE) = 0;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableVirtualBackground(bool enabled, VirtualBackgroundSource backgroundSource, SegmentationProperty segproperty, MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableVirtualBackground(bool enabled, VirtualBackgroundSource backgroundSource);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>The virtual background function allows you to replace the original background image of the local user or to blur the background. After successfully enabling the virtual background function, all users in the channel can see the customized background.</p>
            <p>Call this method before calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/> or <xref keyref="startPreview"/>.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>This function requires a high-performance device. Agora recommends that you use this function on devices with the following chips:<ul>
                <li props="android unity cpp rn flutter">Snapdragon 700 series 750G and later</li>
                <li props="android unity cpp rn flutter">Snapdragon 800 series 835 and later</li>
                <li props="android unity cpp rn flutter">Dimensity 700 series 720 and later</li>
                <li props="android unity cpp rn flutter">Kirin 800 series 810 and later</li>
                <li props="android unity cpp rn flutter">Kirin 900 series 980 and later</li>
                <li props="mac cpp unity electron">Devices with an i5 CPU and better</li>
                <li props="ios cpp unity rn flutter">Devices with an A9 chip and better, as follows:<ul>
                    <li>iPhone 6S and later</li>
                    <li>iPad Air 3rd generation and later</li>
                    <li>iPad 5th generation and later</li>
                    <li>iPad Pro 1st generation and later</li>
                    <li>iPad mini 5th generation and later</li>
                    </ul></li>
                </ul></li>
            <li>Agora recommends that you use this function in scenarios that meet the following conditions:<ul>
                <li>A high-definition camera device is used, and the environment is uniformly lit.</li>
                <li>The captured video image is uncluttered, the user's portrait is half-length and largely unobstructed, and the background is a single color that differs from the color of the user's clothing.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp android unity flutter">enabled</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">enable</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable virtual background:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable super resolution.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Disable the speakerphone.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp android unity flutter">backgroundSource</pt>
                <pt props="mac ios">backData</pt>
                <pd>The custom background image. See <xref keyref="VirtualBackgroundSource"/>. To adapt the resolution of the custom background image to that of the video captured by the SDK, the SDK scales and crops the custom background image while ensuring that the content of the custom background image is not distorted.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android cpp unity">segproperty</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">segData</pt>
                <pd>Processing properties for background images. See <xref keyref="SegmentationProperty"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp">
                <pt>type</pt>
                <pd>Type of the video source. For more details, see <xref keyref="MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.<note type="attention">In this method, this parameter supports only the following two settings:<ul>
                    <li>The default value is <apiname keyref="PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE"/>.</li>
                    <li>If you want to use the second camera to capture video, set this parameter to <apiname keyref="SECONDARY_CAMERA_SOURCE"/>.</li>
                    </ul></note></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
                <li>-1: The custom background image does not exist. Please check<xref keyref="VirtualBackgroundSource"/> the value of<parmname> source</parmname> in .</li>
                <li>-2: The color format of the custom background image is invalid. Please checkthe<xref keyref="VirtualBackgroundSource"/> value of<parmname> color</parmname> in .</li>
                <li>-3: The device does not support virtual background.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
