<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enableremotesuperresolution">
    <title><ph keyref="enableRemoteSuperResolution" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables/Disables the super resolution algorithm for a remote user's video stream.</ph><ph id="shortdesc"></ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableRemoteSuperResolution" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableRemoteSuperResolution(int uid, boolean enable);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableRemoteSuperResolution:(NSUInteger)uid enable:(BOOL)enable;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableRemoteSuperResolution(uid_t userId, bool enable) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableRemoteSuperResolution(userId: number, enable: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableRemoteSuperResolution(uint userId, bool enable);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableRemoteSuperResolution(userId: number, enable: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; enableRemoteSuperResolution(
    {required int userId, required bool enable});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>This function can effectively improve the resolution of the remote video picture seen by the local user, that is, the width and height (pixels) of the video received by the specified remote user are enlarged to 2 times original size.</p>
            <p><xref keyref="onRemoteVideoStats" /><xref keyref="RemoteVideoStats" />After calling this method, you can confirm whether super resolution is successfully enabled through the remote video stream statistics (<xref keyref="RemoteVideoStats" />) in the <xref keyref="onRemoteVideoStats" /> callback:<ul>
                <li>If the parameter <parmname>superResolutionType</parmname> >0: Super resolution is enabled.<parmname></parmname></li>
                <li>If the parameter <parmname>superResolutionType</parmname> =0: Super resolution is not enabled.<parmname></parmname></li></ul>
            </p>
            <note type="caution">
            <p props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter cs">The super resolution feature requires extra system resources. To balance the visual experience and system consumption, this feature can only be enabled for a single remote user. If the local user uses super resolution on Android, the original resolution of the remote user's video cannot exceed 640 × 360 pixels; if the local user uses super resolution on iOS, the original resolution of the remote user's video cannot exceed 640 × 480 pixels.</p>
            <p props="android ios">The super resolution feature requires extra system resources. To balance the visual experience and system consumption, this feature can only be enabled for a single remote user. If the local user uses super resolution on Android, the original resolution of the remote user's video cannot exceed <ph props="android">640 × 360</ph><ph props="ios">640 × 480 </ph> pixels.<ph props="android"></ph><ph props="ios"></ph></p>
            <p props="rn">The super resolution feature requires extra system resources. To balance the visual experience and system consumption, this feature can only be enabled for a single remote user. If the local user uses super resolution on Android, the original resolution of the remote user's video cannot exceed 640 × 360 pixels; if the local user uses super resolution on iOS, the original resolution of the remote user's video cannot exceed 640 × 480 pixels.</p>
            </note>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter cs">This method applies to Android and iOS only.</li>
            <li><ph keyref="superresolution"/>This method relies on the super resolution dynamic library <codeph><ph keyref="superresolution"/></codeph>. If the dynamic library is deleted, the function cannot be enabled normally.<codeph></codeph></li>
            <li>This method has certain requirements on devices. Agora recommends you use the following devices or higher:<ul>
                <li props="android cpp unreal bp unity flutter rn cs">Android:<ul>
                    <li>VIVO: V1821A, NEX S, 1914A, 1916A, 1962A, 1824BA, X60, X60 Pro</li>
                    <li>OPPO: PCCM00, Find X3</li>
                    <li>OnePlus: A6000</li>
                    <li>Xiaomi: Mi 8, Mi 9, Mi 10, Mi 11, MIX3, Redmi K20 Pro</li>
                    <li>SAMSUNG: SM-G9600, SM-G9650, SM-N9600, SM-G9708, SM-G960U, SM-G9750, S20, S21</li>
                    <li>HUAWEI: SEA-AL00, ELE-AL00, VOG-AL00, YAL-AL10, HMA-AL00, EVR-AN00, nova 4, nova 5 Pro, nova 6 5G, nova 7 5G, Mate 30, Mate 30 Pro, Mate 40, Mate 40 Pro, P40, P40 Pro, Huawei M6, MatePad 10.8</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li props="ios cpp unreal bp unity flutter rn cs">iOS:<ul>
                    <li>iPhone XR</li>
                    <li>iPhone XS</li>
                    <li>iPhone XS Max</li>
                    <li>iPhone 11</li>
                    <li>iPhone 11 Pro</li>
                    <li>iPhone 11 Pro Max</li>
                    <li>iPhone 12</li>
                    <li>iPhone 12 mini</li>
                    <li>iPhone 12 Pro</li>
                    <li>iPhone 12 Pro Max</li>
                    <li>iPhone 12 SE (2nd generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad Pro 11-inch (3rd generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad Pro 12.9-inch (3rd generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad Air 3 (3rd generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad Air 3 (4th generation)</li>
                    </ul></li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter rn electron cs">userId</pt>
                <pt props="android ios">uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID of the remote user.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enable</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable super resolution for the remote user’s video:<ul>
                        <li><ph keyref="true"/><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>:Enable super resolution.<codeph></codeph></li>
                        <li><ph keyref="false"/><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Disable super resolution.<codeph></codeph></li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter"><xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/><xref keyref="error-code-link"/>When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ph props="cn"></ph></p>
            <ul>
            <li props="unity native unreal bp rn electron cs">0: Success.</li>
            <li><xref keyref="error-code-link"/>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ph props="cn"></ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>