<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setremoteuserspatialaudioparams">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteUserSpatialAudioParams" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the spatial audio effect parameters of the remote user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRemoteUserSpatialAudioParams" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRemoteUserSpatialAudioParams(int uid, SpatialAudioParams params);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setRemoteUserSpatialAudioParams:(NSUInteger)uid
                                  params:(AgoraSpatialAudioParams* _Nonnull)params;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setRemoteUserSpatialAudioParams(uid_t uid, const agora::SpatialAudioParams&amp; params) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int SetRemoteUserSpatialAudioParams(int64 uid, const FSpatialAudioParams&amp; params);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setRemoteUserSpatialAudioParams(
    uid: number,
    params: SpatialAudioParams
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetRemoteUserSpatialAudioParams(uint uid, SpatialAudioParams param);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setRemoteUserSpatialAudioParams(
    uid: number,
    params: SpatialAudioParams
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setRemoteUserSpatialAudioParams(
    {required int uid, required SpatialAudioParams params});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>Call this method after <xref keyref="enableSpatialAudio" />. After successfully setting the spatial audio effect parameters of the remote user, the local user can hear the remote user with a sense of space.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="removeRemotePosition/uid">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android ios mac cpp unreal bp flutter">params</pt>
                <pt props="unity cs">param</pt>
                <pd>The spatial audio parameters. See <xref keyref="SpatialAudioParams" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>