<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ibasespatialaudioengine_setzones">
    <title><ph keyref="setZones"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the sound insulation area.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setZones"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setZones(SpatialAudioZone[] zones);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setZones:(NSArray&lt;AgoraSpatialAudioZone*> * _Nullable)zones NS_SWIFT_NAME(setZones(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setZones(const SpatialAudioZone *zones, unsigned int zoneCount) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|ILocalSpatialAudioEngine&quot;)
	int SetZones(TArray&lt;FSpatialAudioZone&gt; zones);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setZones(zones: SpatialAudioZone, zoneCount: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetZones(SpatialAudioZone[] zones, uint zoneCount);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setZones(zones: SpatialAudioZone, zoneCount: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> setZones(
      {required SpatialAudioZone zones, required int zoneCount});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.0.1</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>In virtual interactive scenarios, you can use this method to set the sound insulation area and sound attenuation coefficient. When the sound source (which can be the user or the media player) and the listener belong to the inside and outside of the sound insulation area, they can experience the attenuation effect of sound similar to the real environment when it encounters a building partition.</p>
            <ul>
            <li>When the sound source and the listener belong to the inside and outside of the sound insulation area, the sound attenuation effect is determined by the sound attenuation coefficient in <xref keyref="SpatialAudioZone"/>.</li>
            <li>If the user or media player is in the same sound insulation area, it is not affected by <apiname keyref="SpatialAudioZone"/>, and the sound attenuation effect is determined by the <parmname>attenuation</parmname> parameter in <apiname keyref="setPlayerAttenuation"/> or <apiname keyref="setRemoteAudioAttenuation"/>. If you do not call <apiname keyref="setPlayerAttenuation"/> or <apiname keyref="setRemoteAudioAttenuation"/>, the default sound attenuation coefficient of the SDK is 0.5, which simulates the attenuation of the sound in the real environment.</li>
            <li>If the sound source and the receiver belong to two sound insulation areas, the receiver cannot hear the sound source.</li>
            </ul>
            <note>If this method is called multiple times, the last sound insulation area set takes effect.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>zones</pt>
                <pd>Sound insulation area settings. See <apiname keyref="SpatialAudioZone"/>. When you set this parameter to <codeph><ph keyref="NULL"/></codeph>, it means clearing all sound insulation zones.<note type="caution" props="cpp unreal bp unity cs flutter electron">On the Windows platform, it is necessary to ensure that the number of members in the <parmname>zones</parmname> array is equal to the value of <parmname>zoneCount</parmname>; otherwise, it may cause a crash.</note></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp framework">
                <pt>zoneCount</pt>
                <pd>The number of sound insulation areas.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
