<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setbeautyeffectoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="setBeautyEffectOptions" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the image enhancement options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setBeautyEffectOptions" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setBeautyEffectOptions(boolean enabled, BeautyOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setBeautyEffectOptions:(BOOL)enable options:(AgoraBeautyOptions* _Nullable)options;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setBeautyEffectOptions(bool enabled, BeautyOptions options) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setBeautyEffectOptions(enabled: boolean, options: BeautyOptions, type?: MediaSourceType): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetBeautyEffectOptions(bool enabled, BeautyOptions options, MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE.PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setBeautyEffectOptions(
    enabled: boolean,
    options: BeautyOptions,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> setBeautyEffectOptions(
    {required bool enabled,
    required BeautyOptions options,
    MediaSourceType type = MediaSourceType.primaryCameraSource});</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>Enables or disables image enhancement, and sets the options.</p>
            <p>Enabling the image enhancement function involves a series of method calls. The calling sequence is as follows:<ol>
            <li props="android">Call <codeph><xref keyref="addExtension" />(<q>agora_video_process</q>)</codeph> during <xref keyref="IRtcEngine" /> initialization to integrate the video enhancement dynamic library in the project.</li>
            <li props="ios">Link the extension library <codeph>AgoraVideoProcessExtension.xcframework</codeph> in the project file.</li>
            <li props="mac">Link the extension library <codeph>AgoraVideoProcessExtension.framework</codeph> in the project file.</li>
            <li props="cpp unity rn electron flutter">Call <codeph><xref keyref="loadExtensionProvider" />(<q>libagora_video_process_extension.dll</q>)</codeph> during <xref keyref="IRtcEngine" /> initialization to specify the extension library path.</li>
            <li>Call <codeph><xref keyref="enableExtension" />(<q>agora</q>, <q>beauty</q>, <q><ph keyref="true" /></q>)</codeph> to enable the extension.</li>
            <li>Call <xref keyref="enableVideo" /> to enable the video module.</li>
            <li>Call this method to enable the image enhancement function.</li>
            </ol></p>
            <note type="note" props="android">This method only applies to Android 5.0 or later.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android cpp unity flutter rn electron">enabled</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">enable</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable the image enhancement function:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable the image enhancement function.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Disable the image enhancement function.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>options</pt>
                <pd>The image enhancement options. See <xref keyref="BeautyOptions" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity rn electron flutter" conkeyref="setExtensionProperty/type">
            <pt />
            <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul props="android rn">
                <li>ERR_NOT_SUPPORTED(4): The system version is earlier than Android 5.0, which does not support this function.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>