<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startcameracapture">
    <title><ph keyref="startCameraCapture"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts camera capture.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startCameraCapture"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startCameraCapture(
      Constants.VideoSourceType sourceType, CameraCapturerConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">public abstract startCameraCapture(
    sourceType: Constants.VideoSourceType, config: CameraCapturerConfiguration): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startCameraCapture:(AgoraVideoSourceType)sourceType config:(AgoraCameraCapturerConfiguration * _Nullable)config NS_SWIFT_NAME(startCameraCapture(_:config:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startCameraCapture(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType, const CameraCapturerConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int StartCameraCapture(EVIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType, const FCameraCapturerConfiguration&amp; config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startCameraCapture(
    sourceType: VideoSourceType,
    config: CameraCapturerConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartCameraCapture(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType, CameraCapturerConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startCameraCapture(
    sourceType: VideoSourceType,
    config: CameraCapturerConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> startCameraCapture(
      {required VideoSourceType sourceType,
      required CameraCapturerConfiguration config});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.2.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>You can call this method to start capturing video from one or more cameras by specifying <parmname>sourceType</parmname>.</p>
            <note props="ios cpp unreal bp unity rn flutter">On the iOS platform, if you want to enable multi-camera capture, you need to call <xref keyref="enableMultiCamera"/> and set <parmname>enabled</parmname> to <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph> before calling this method.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>sourceType</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The type of the video source. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</p>
                    <note><ul>
                    <li props="ios cpp unreal bp flutter unity rn">On iOS devices, you can capture video from up to 2 cameras, provided the device has multiple cameras or supports external cameras.</li>
                    <li props="android cpp unreal bp flutter unity rn">On Android devices, you can capture video from up to 4 cameras, provided the device has multiple cameras or supports external cameras.</li>
                    <li props="mac cpp unreal bp flutter unity cs electron">On the desktop platforms, you can capture video from up to 4 cameras.</li>
                    </ul></note>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>config</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The configuration of the video capture. See <xref keyref="CameraCapturerConfiguration"/>.</p>
                    <note props="ios cpp unreal bp unity rn flutter">On the iOS platform, this parameter has no practical function. Use the <parmname>config</parmname> parameter in <xref keyref="enableMultiCamera"/> instead to set the video capture configuration.</note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity cs rn">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
