<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setextensionproperty">
    <title><ph keyref="setExtensionProperty" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the properties of the extension.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setExtensionProperty" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setExtensionProperty(
      String provider, String extension, String key, String value);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setExtensionPropertyWithVendor:(NSString * __nonnull)provider extension:(NSString * __nonnull)extension key:(NSString * __nonnull)key value:(NSString * __nonnull)value;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setExtensionProperty(
      const char* provider, const char* extension,
      const char* key, const char* value, agora::media::MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = agora::media::UNKNOWN_MEDIA_SOURCE) = 0;
</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int SetExtensionProperty(FString provider, FString extension, FString key, FString value, EMEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = EMEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE::UNKNOWN_MEDIA_SOURCE);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setExtensionProperty(
    provider: string,
    extension: string,
    key: string,
    value: string,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetExtensionProperty(string provider, string extension, string key, string value, MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE.UNKNOWN_MEDIA_SOURCE);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setExtensionProperty(
    provider: string,
    extension: string,
    key: string,
    value: string,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setExtensionProperty(
    {required String provider,
    required String extension,
    required String key,
    required String value,
    MediaSourceType type = MediaSourceType.unknownMediaSource});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p>After enabling the extension, you can call this method to set the properties of the extension.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>Call this mehtod after calling <xref keyref="enableExtension"/>.</p>
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>If you want to set properties for multiple extensions, you need to call this method multiple times.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Related callbacks</title>
            <p>After calling this method, it may trigger the <xref keyref="onExtensionEvent"/> callback, and the specific triggering logic is related to the extension itself.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="vendor">
                <pt>provider</pt>
                <pd>The name of the extension provider.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="extension">
                <pt>extension</pt>
                <pd>The name of the extension.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="key">
                <pt>key</pt>
                <pd>The key of the extension.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="value">
                <pt>value</pt>
                <pd>The value of the extension key.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="enableExtension/source" props="cpp framework">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp unity rn electron cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>