<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setvoicebeautifierparameters">
    <title><ph keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets parameters for the preset voice beautifier effects.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setVoiceBeautifierParameters(int preset, int param1, int param2);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setVoiceBeautifierParameters:(AgoraVoiceBeautifierPreset)preset param1:(int)param1 param2:(int)param2;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setVoiceBeautifierParameters(VOICE_BEAUTIFIER_PRESET preset, int param1, int param2) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVoiceBeautifierParameters(preset: VoiceBeautifierPreset, param1: number, param2: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetVoiceBeautifierParameters(VOICE_BEAUTIFIER_PRESET preset, int param1, int param2);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVoiceBeautifierParameters(
  preset: VoiceBeautifierPreset,
  param1: number,
  param2: number
): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> setVoiceBeautifierParameters(
  {required VoiceBeautifierPreset preset,
  required int param1,
  required int param2});</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>Call this method to set a gender characteristic and a reverberation effect for the singing beautifier effect. This method sets parameters for the local user who sends an audio stream. After setting the audio parameters, all users in the channel can hear the effect.</p>
            <p>For better voice effects, Agora recommends that you call <xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> and set <parmname>scenario</parmname> to <apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING"/>(3) and <parmname>profile</parmname> to <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/>(4) or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>(5) before calling this method.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>Do not set the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter in <apiname keyref="setAudioProfile"/> to <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_SPEECH_STANDARD"/>(1)<ph props="cpp rn electron unity flutter"> or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_IOT"/>(6)</ph>, or the method does not take effect.</li>
            <li>This method works best with the human voice. Agora does not recommend using this method for audio containing music.</li>
            <li>After calling <apiname keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/>, Agora recommends not calling the following methods, because they can override settings in <apiname keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/>:<ul>
                <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectParameters"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoicePitch"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceEqualization"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverb"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/></li>
                </ul> </li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>preset</pt>
                <pd>The option for the preset audio effect:<ul>
                    <li><codeph>SINGING_BEAUTIFIER:</codeph> The singing beautifier effect.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>param1</pt>
                <pd>The gender characteristics options for the singing voice:<ul>
                    <li><codeph>1</codeph>: A male-sounding voice.</li>
                    <li><codeph>2</codeph>: A female-sounding voice.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>param2</pt>
                <pd>The reverberation effect options for the singing voice:<ul>
                    <li><codeph>1</codeph>: The reverberation effect sounds like singing in a small room.</li>
                    <li><codeph>2</codeph>: The reverberation effect sounds like singing in a large room.</li>
                    <li><codeph>3</codeph>: The reverberation effect sounds like singing in a hall.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
