<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_updatepreloadchanneltoken">
    <title><ph keyref="updatePreloadChannelToken"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Updates the wildcard token for preloading channels.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="updatePreloadChannelToken"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int updatePreloadChannelToken(String token);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)updatePreloadChannelToken:(NSString * _Nonnull)token NS_SWIFT_NAME(updatePreloadChannelToken(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int updatePreloadChannelToken(const char* token) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract updatePreloadChannelToken(token: string): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int UpdatePreloadChannelToken(string token);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract updatePreloadChannelToken(token: string): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> updatePreloadChannelToken(String token);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.2.2</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>You need to maintain the life cycle of the wildcard token by yourself. When the token expires, you need to generate a new wildcard token and then call this method to pass in the new token.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>In scenarios involving multiple channels, such as switching between different channels, using a wildcard token means users do not need to apply for a new token every time joinning a new channel, which can save users time for switching channels and reduce the pressure on your token server.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>token</pt>
                <pd>The new token.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity cs rn">
                <li>0: Success.</li>
               <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ul>
                       <li>-2: The parameter is invalid. For example, the token is invalid. You need to pass in a valid parameter and join the channel again.</li>
                       <li>-7: The <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine" /> object has not been initialized. You need to initialize the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine" /> object before calling this method.</li>
                   </ul></li>
            </ul></section>
        </refbody>
</reference>
