<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_startrtmpstreamwithtranscodingex">
    <title><ph keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts Media Push and sets the transcoding configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx(
    String url, LiveTranscoding transcoding, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx:(NSString* _Nonnull)url
                            transcoding:(AgoraLiveTranscoding* _Nullable)transcoding
                             connection:(AgoraRtcConnection * _Nonnull)connection NS_SWIFT_NAME(startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx(_:transcoding:connection:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx(const char* url, const LiveTranscoding&amp; transcoding, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp" />
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx(
    url: string,
    transcoding: LiveTranscoding,
    connection: RtcConnection
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx(string url, LiveTranscoding transcoding, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx(
    url: string,
    transcoding: LiveTranscoding,
    connection: RtcConnection
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startRtmpStreamWithTranscodingEx(
      {required String url,
      required LiveTranscoding transcoding,
      required RtcConnection connection});</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.1.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>You can call this method to push a live audio-and-video stream to the specified CDN address and set the transcoding configuration. This method can push media streams to only one CDN address at a time, so if you need to push streams to multiple addresses, call this method multiple times.</p>
            <p>After you call this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged" /> callback on the local client to report the state of the streaming.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
            <ul>
            <li>Ensure that you enable the Media Push service before using this function. <ph props="cn">For details, see the prerequisites in <xref keyref="guide-cdn-streaming">Media Push</xref>.</ph></li>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>Only hosts in the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile can call this method.</li>
            <li>If you want to retry pushing streams after a failed push, make sure to call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStreamEx" /> first, then call this method to retry pushing streams; otherwise, the SDK returns the same error code as the last failed push.</li>
            </ul> </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding/url">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding/transcoding">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>                
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native unity electron rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul props="android ios mac rn electron">
                <li>-2: url is null or the string length is 0.</li>
                <li>-7: The SDK is not initialized before calling this method.</li>
                </ul> </li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>