<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_addvideowatermark2">
    <title><ph keyref="addVideoWatermark2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Adds a watermark image to the local video.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="addVideoWatermark2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int addVideoWatermark(String watermarkUrl, WatermarkOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)addVideoWatermark:(NSURL* _Nonnull)url options:(WatermarkOptions* _Nonnull)options;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int addVideoWatermark(const char* watermarkUrl, const WatermarkOptions&amp; options) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = "Agora|IRtcEngine")
	int AddVideoWatermark(const FString&amp; watermarkUrl, const FWatermarkOptions&amp; options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract addVideoWatermark(
    watermarkUrl: string,
    options: WatermarkOptions
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int AddVideoWatermark(string watermarkUrl, WatermarkOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract addVideoWatermark(
    watermarkUrl: string,
    options: WatermarkOptions
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; addVideoWatermark(
    {required String watermarkUrl, required WatermarkOptions options});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"/></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="deprecated" props="native">
                <dlentry outputclass="deprecated">
                    <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                    <dd props="cpp">This method is deprecated as of v4.0.1. Use  instead<xref keyref="addVideoWatermark3"/>.</dd>
                    <dd props="apple">This method is deprecated as of v4.0.1. Use  instead<xref keyref="addVideoWatermark3"/>.</dd>
                    <dd props="android">This method is deprecated as of v4.0.1. Use  instead<xref keyref="addVideoWatermark3"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                </dl>
            <p id="desc1">This method adds a PNG watermark image to the local video in the live streaming. Once the watermark image is added, all the audience in the channel (CDN audience included), and the capturing device can see and capture it. The Agora SDK supports adding only one watermark image onto a local video or CDN live stream. The newly added watermark image replaces the previous one.</p>
            <p>The watermark coordinates are dependent on the settings in the <xref keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration"/> method:<ul>
            <li>If the orientation mode of the encoding video (<xref keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE"/>) is fixed landscape mode or the adaptive landscape mode, the watermark uses the landscape orientation.</li>
            <li>If the orientation mode of the encoding video (<apiname keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE"/>) is fixed portrait mode or the adaptive portrait mode, the watermark uses the portrait orientation.</li>
            <li>When setting the watermark position, the region must be less than the dimensions set in the <apiname keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration"/> method; otherwise, the watermark image will be cropped.</li>
            </ul> </p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Ensure that calling this method after <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>.</li>
            <li>If you only want to add a watermark to the media push, you can call this method or the <xref keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding"/> method.</li>
            <li>This method supports adding a watermark image in the PNG file format only. Supported pixel formats of the PNG image are RGBA, RGB, Palette, Gray, and Alpha_gray.</li>
            <li>If the dimensions of the PNG image differ from your settings in this method, the image will be cropped or zoomed to conform to your settings.</li>
            <li>If you have enabled the mirror mode for the local video, the watermark on the local video is also mirrored. To avoid mirroring the watermark, Agora recommends that you do not use the mirror and watermark functions for the local video at the same time. You can implement the watermark function in your application layer.</li>
            </ul> </note>
            <p props="native">You can control the visibility of the watermark during preview by setting the <codeph>visibleInPreview</codeph> parameter when calling this method. However, whether it ultimately takes effect also depends on the position parameter you set when calling <xref keyref="setupLocalVideo"/> (the<parmname> position</parmname> of the video frame in the video link). Refer to the table below for details.<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1">
                <tgroup cols="3">
                    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Observation position</entry>
                            <entry>visibleInPreview value</entry>
                            <entry>Watermark visibility</entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry morerows="1">(Default) <apiname keyref="POSITION_POST_CAPTURER"/></entry>
                            <entry><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph></entry>
                            <entry>Yes</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph></entry>
                            <entry>No</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry morerows="1"><apiname keyref="POSITION_PRE_ENCODER"/></entry>
                            <entry><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph></entry>
                            <entry>Yes</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph></entry>
                            <entry>Yes</entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table></p> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="url">
                <pt props="android bp cpp cs electron flutter rn unity unreal">watermarkUrl</pt>
                <pt props="apple">url</pt>
                <pd>The local file path of the watermark image to be added. This method supports adding a watermark image from the local absolute or relative file path.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="options">
                <pt>options</pt>
                <pd>The options of the watermark image to be added. See <xref keyref="WatermarkOptions"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="bp cs electron native rn unity unreal">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
