<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startaudiomixing2">
    <title><ph keyref="startAudioMixing2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts playing the music file.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startAudioMixing2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startAudioMixing(String filePath, boolean loopback, boolean replace, int cycle, int startPos);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startAudioMixing:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath loopback:(BOOL)loopback replace:(BOOL)replace cycle:(NSInteger)cycle startPos:(NSInteger)startPos;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startAudioMixing(const char* filePath, bool loopback, bool replace, int cycle, int startPos) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startAudioMixing(filePath: string, loopback: boolean, replace: boolean, cycle: number, startPos?: number): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartAudioMixing(string filePath, bool loopback, bool replace, int cycle, int startPos);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startAudioMixing(
    filePath: string,
    loopback: boolean,
    replace: boolean,
    cycle: number,
    startPos?: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> startAudioMixing(
      {required String filePath,
      required bool loopback,
      required bool replace,
      required int cycle,
      int startPos = 0});
</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p id="audiomixing_detailed">This method mixes the specified local or online audio file with the audio from the microphone, or replaces the microphone's audio with the specified local or remote audio file. A successful method call triggers the <codeph><xref keyref="onAudioMixingStateChanged"/>(<apiname keyref="AUDIO_MIXING_STATE_PLAYING"/>)</codeph> callback. When the audio mixing file playback finishes, the SDK triggers the <codeph><apiname keyref="onAudioMixingStateChanged"/>(<apiname keyref="AUDIO_MIXING_STATE_STOPPED"/>)</codeph> callback on the local client.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="audiomixing_note">
            <ul>
            <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel. If you need to call <apiname keyref="startAudioMixing2"/> multiple times, ensure that the call interval is longer than 500 ms.</li>
            <li>If the local music file does not exist, the SDK does not support the file format, or the the SDK cannot access the music file URL, the SDK reports (701).</li>
            <li conkeyref="preloadEffect/audioFormats"/>
            <li conkeyref="startAudioMixing/principle" props="android cpp unity"/>
            <li props="rn" id="principle">在 Android 平台上调用该方法时，请注意如下事项：

                <ul>
                <li>To use this method, ensure that the Android device is v4.2 or later, and the API version is v16 or later.</li>
                <li>If you need to play an online music file, Agora does not recommend using the redirected URL address. Some Android devices may fail to open a redirected URL address.</li>
                <li>If you call this method on an emulator, ensure that the music file is in the <codeph>/sdcard/</codeph> directory and the format is MP3.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="preloadEffect/filePath">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>loopback</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>是否只在本地播放音乐文件：



                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Only play music files on the local client so that only the local user can hear the music.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Publish music files to remote clients so that both the local user and remote users can hear the music.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>replace</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>是否用音乐文件替换麦克风采集的音频：



                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Replace the audio captured by the microphone with a music file. Users can only hear the music.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not replace the audio captured by the microphone with a music file. Users can hear both music and audio captured by the microphone.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>cycle</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>音乐文件的播放次数。



                    <ul>
                    <li>≥ 0: The number of playback times. For example, 0 means that the SDK does not play the music file while 1 means that the SDK plays once.</li>
                    <li>-1: Play the music file in an infinite loop.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>startPos</pt>
                <pd>The playback position (ms) of the music file.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native unity electron rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
