<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startaudiomixing2">
    <title><ph keyref="startAudioMixing2" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts playing the music file.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startAudioMixing2" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startAudioMixing(String filePath, boolean loopback, int cycle, int startPos);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">public abstract startAudioMixing(filepath: string, loopback: boolean, cycle: number, startpos?:number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startAudioMixing:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath loopback:(BOOL)loopback cycle:(NSInteger)cycle startPos:(NSInteger)startPos;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startAudioMixing(const char* filePath, bool loopback, int cycle, int startPos) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int StartAudioMixing(const FString &amp; filePath, bool loopback, int cycle, int startPos = 0);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startAudioMixing(
    filePath: string,
    loopback: boolean,
    cycle: number,
    startPos?: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartAudioMixing(string filePath, bool loopback, int cycle, int startPos);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startAudioMixing(
    filePath: string,
    loopback: boolean,
    cycle: number,
    startPos?: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> startAudioMixing(
      {required String filePath,
      required bool loopback,
      required int cycle,
      int startPos = 0});</codeblock>
</p>
        </section>
            <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
                <p props="cpp apple framework">For the audio file formats supported by this method, see <xref keyref="audio-format">What formats of audio files does the Agora RTC SDK support</xref>. If the local music file does not exist, the SDK does not support the file format, or the the SDK cannot access the music file URL, the SDK reports <ph keyref="AUDIO_MIXING_REASON_CAN_NOT_OPEN"/>.</p>
                <p id="uri" props="android hmos">This method supports playing URI files starting with <codeph>content://</codeph>. For the audio file formats supported by this method, see<xref keyref="audio-format"> What formats of audio files does the Agora RTC SDK support</xref>. If the local music file does not exist, the SDK does not support the file format, or the the SDK cannot access the music file URL, the SDK reports <ph keyref="AUDIO_MIXING_REASON_CAN_NOT_OPEN"/>.</p>
            </section>
            <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
                <title>Call timing</title>
                <p>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</p>
            </section>
            <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
                <title>Restrictions</title>
                <ul>
                    <li>If you call this method to play short sound effect files, you may encounter playback failure. Agora recommends using <xref keyref="playEffect3"/> instead to play such files.</li>
                    <li>If you need to call this method multiple times, ensure that the time interval between calling this method is more than 500 ms.</li>
                    <li props="android cpp unreal bp unity rn flutter" id="principle">On Android, there are following considerations:<ul>
                        <li>To use this method, ensure that the Android device is v4.2 or later, and the API version is v16 or later.</li>
                        <li>If you need to play an online music file, Agora does not recommend using the redirected URL address. Some Android devices may fail to open a redirected URL address.</li>
                        <li>If you call this method on an emulator, ensure that the music file is in the <codeph>/sdcard/</codeph> directory and the format is MP3.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    </ul>
            </section>
            <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details">
                <title>Related callbacks</title>
                <p id="audiomixing_detailed">A successful method call triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioMixingStateChanged" />(<codeph><ph keyref="AUDIO_MIXING_STATE_PLAYING" /></codeph>) callback. When the audio mixing file playback finishes, the SDK triggers the <apiname keyref="onAudioMixingStateChanged" />(<codeph><ph keyref="AUDIO_MIXING_STATE_STOPPED" /></codeph>) callback on the local client.</p>
            </section>
            <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="preloadEffect/filePath">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="loopback">
                <pt>loopback</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to only play music files on the local client:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Only play music files on the local client so that only the local user can hear the music.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Publish music files to remote clients so that both the local user and remote users can hear the music.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="cycle">
                <pt>cycle</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The number of times the music file plays.<ul>
                            <li>> 0: The number of times for playback. For example, 1 represents playing 1 time.</li>
                            <li>-1: Play the audio file in an infinite loop.</li>
                        </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>startPos</pt>
                <pd>The playback position (ms) of the music file.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp unity electron rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
                <li>-1: A general error occurs (no specified reason).</li>
                <li>-2: The parameter is invalid.</li>
                <li>-3: The SDK is not ready.<ul>
                    <li>The audio module is disabled.</li>
                    <li>The program is not complete.</li>
                    <li>The initialization of <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> fails. Reinitialize the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine" />.</li>
                </ul></li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
