<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_querycamerafocallengthcapability">
    <title><ph keyref="queryCameraFocalLengthCapability" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Queries the focal length capability supported by the camera.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="queryCameraFocalLengthCapability" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public AgoraFocalLengthInfo[] queryCameraFocalLengthCapability();</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (NSArray&lt;AgoraFocalLengthInfo *>* __nullable)queryCameraFocalLengthCapability NS_SWIFT_NAME(queryCameraFocalLengthCapability());</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int queryCameraFocalLengthCapability(agora::rtc::FocalLengthInfo* focalLengthInfos, int&amp; size) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int QueryCameraFocalLengthCapability(const TArray&lt;FFocalLengthInfo&gt; &amp; focalLengthInfos);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int QueryCameraFocalLengthCapability(ref FocalLengthInfo[] focalLengthInfos, ref int size);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract queryCameraFocalLengthCapability(): {
    focalLengthInfos: FocalLengthInfo[];
    size: number;
  };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;List&lt;FocalLengthInfo>> queryCameraFocalLengthCapability();</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="android apple cpp">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.3.1</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>If you want to enable the wide-angle or ultra-wide-angle mode for camera capture, it is recommended to start by calling this method to check whether the device supports the required focal length capability. Then, adjust the camera's focal length configuration based on the query result by calling <xref keyref="setCameraCapturerConfiguration"/>, ensuring the best camera capture performance.</p>
            <note type="attention" props="cpp unreal bp flutter unity">This method is for Android and iOS only.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters" props="cpp unreal bp unity">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>focalLengthInfos</pt>
                <pd props="cpp unreal bp">Input and output parameter. The pointer to an array of <xref keyref="FocalLengthInfo"/> objects:<ul>
                    <li>Input value: The pointer to an array of <xref keyref="FocalLengthInfo"/> objects, used to store focal length information.</li>
                    <li>Output value: After the method is executed, output the queried focal length information.</li></ul>
                </pd>
                <pd props="unity">An output parameter. After the method is executed, output an array of <xref keyref="FocalLengthInfo"/> objects containing camera focal length information.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unreal unity">
                <pt>size</pt>
                <pd props="cpp unreal">Input and output parameter. The number of focal length information items:<ul>
                    <li>Input value: Specifies the maximum number of focal length information items that <parmname>focalLengthInfos</parmname> can hold. Ensure this value is not less than 8, meaning <parmname>focalLengthInfos</parmname> has space for at least 8 focal length information items.</li>
                    <li>Output value: After the method is executed, output the number of focal length information items retrieved.</li></ul>
                </pd>
                <pd props="unity">An output parameter. After the method is executed, output the number of focal length information items retrieved.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="android ios flutter">Returns an array of <xref keyref="FocalLengthInfo"/> objects, which contain the camera's orientation and focal length type.</p>
            <p props="rn">Returns an object containing the following properties:<ul>
                <li><parmname>focalLengthInfos</parmname>: An array of <xref keyref="FocalLengthInfo"/> objects, which contain the camera's orientation and focal length type.</li>
                <li><parmname>size</parmname>: The number of focal length information items retrieved.</li></ul>
            </p>
            <ul props="cpp unreal bp unity">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>