<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_playeffect3">
    <title><ph keyref="playEffect3" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Plays the specified local or online audio effect file.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="playEffect3" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public int playEffect(int soundId, String filePath, int loopCount, double pitch,
                        double pan, double gain, boolean publish, int startPos);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">public abstract playEffect(soundId:number,filePath:string,loopCount:number,pitch:number,pan:number,gain:number,publish:boolean,startPos?:number):number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)playEffect:(int)soundId
         filePath:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath
        loopCount:(NSInteger)loopCount
            pitch:(double)pitch
              pan:(double)pan
             gain:(NSInteger)gain
          publish:(BOOL)publish
         startPos:(int)startPos;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int playEffect(int soundId,
    const char* filePath,
    int loopCount,
    double pitch,
    double pan,
    int gain,
    bool publish,
    int startPos) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int PlayEffect(int soundId, const FString&amp; filePath, int loopCount, float pitch, float pan, int gain, bool publish, int startPos);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract playEffect(
    soundId: number,
    filePath: string,
    loopCount: number,
    pitch: number,
    pan: number,
    gain: number,
    publish?: boolean,
    startPos?: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int PlayEffect(int soundId, string filePath, int loopCount, double pitch, double pan, int gain, bool publish = false, int startPos = 0);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract playEffect(
    soundId: number,
    filePath: string,
    loopCount: number,
    pitch: number,
    pan: number,
    gain: number,
    publish?: boolean,
    startPos?: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; playEffect(
    {required int soundId,
    required String filePath,
    required int loopCount,
    required double pitch,
    required double pan,
    required int gain,
    bool publish = false,
    int startPos = 0});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p conkeyref="startAudioMixing2/uri" props="android"></p>
            <p id="playEffect-desc">To play multiple audio effect files at the same time, call this method multiple times with different <parmname>soundId</parmname> and <parmname>filePath</parmname>. To achieve the optimal user experience, Agora recommends that you do not playing more than three audio files at the same time.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title><ph props="android cpp apple framework">Restrictions</ph></title>
            <p props="android cpp apple framework">If you need to play an online audio effect file, Agora recommends that you cache the online audio effect file to your local device, call <xref keyref="preloadEffect"/> to preload the file into memory, and then call this method to play the audio effect. Otherwise, you might encounter playback failures or no sound during playback due to loading timeouts or failures.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Related callbacks</title>
            <p>After the playback of an audio effect file completes, the SDK triggers the <apiname keyref="onAudioEffectFinished"/> callback.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="soundid">
                <pt>soundId</pt>
                <pd>The audio effect ID. The ID of each audio effect file is unique.<note type="attention" props="android cpp apple framework">If you have preloaded an audio effect into memory by calling <xref keyref="preloadEffect" />, ensure that the value of this parameter is the same as that of <parmname>soundId</parmname> in <apiname keyref="preloadEffect" />.</note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="filepath">
                <pt>filePath</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p props="cpp framework">The file path. The SDK supports URLs and absolute path of local files. The absolute path needs to be accurate to the file name and extension. Supported audio formats include MP3, AAC, M4A, MP4, WAV, and 3GP. <ph props="cpp">See <xref keyref="filePath-link">Supported Audio Formats</xref>.</ph></p>
                        <p props="android">The file path. The SDK supports URI addresses starting with <codeph>content://</codeph>, paths starting with <codeph>/assets/</codeph>, URLs and absolute paths of local files. The absolute path needs to be accurate to the file name and extension. Supported audio formats include MP3, AAC, M4A, MP4, WAV, and 3GP. See <xref keyref="filePath-link">Supported Audio Formats</xref>.</p>
                        <p props="apple">The file path. The SDK  supports file paths starting with <codeph>ipod-library//</codeph>, URLs and absolute file paths of local files. The absolute path needs to be accurate to the file name and extension. Supported audio formats include MP3, AAC, M4A, MP4, WAV, and 3GP. See <xref keyref="filePath-link">Supported Audio Formats</xref>.</p>
                        <p props="hmos">播放文件的地址。</p>
                        <note type="attention" props="android cpp apple framework">If you have preloaded an audio effect into memory by calling <xref keyref="preloadEffect" />, ensure that the value of this parameter is the same as that of <parmname>filePath</parmname> in <apiname keyref="preloadEffect" />.</note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="loopcount">
                <pt>loopCount</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The number of times the audio effect loops.<ul>
                    <li>≥ 0: The number of playback times. For example, 1 means looping one time, which means playing the audio effect two times in total.</li>
                    <li>-1: Play the audio file in an infinite loop.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="pitch">
                <pt>pitch</pt>
                <pd>The pitch of the audio effect. The value range is 0.5 to 2.0. The default value is 1.0, which means the original pitch. The lower the value, the lower the pitch.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="pan">
                <pt>pan</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The spatial position of the audio effect. The value ranges between -1.0 and 1.0:<ul>
                    <li>-1.0: The audio effect is heard on the left of the user.</li>
                    <li>0.0: The audio effect is heard in front of the user.</li>
                    <li>1.0: The audio effect is heard on the right of the user.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="gain">
                <pt>gain</pt>
                <pd>The volume of the audio effect. The value range is 0.0 to 100.0. The default value is 100.0, which means the original volume. The smaller the value, the lower the volume.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="publish">
                <pt>publish</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to publish the audio effect to the remote users:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the audio effect to the remote users. Both the local user and remote users can hear the audio effect.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not publish the audio effect to the remote users. Only the local user can hear the audio effect.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>startPos</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The playback position (ms) of the audio effect file.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
