<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enableechocancellationexternal">
    <title><ph keyref="enableEchoCancellationExternal" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables or disables the custom echo cancellation.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableEchoCancellationExternal" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableEchoCancellationExternal(boolean enabled, int audioSourceDelay);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableEchoCancellationExternal:(BOOL)enabled
                    audioSourceDelay:(NSInteger)audioSourceDelay;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableEchoCancellationExternal(bool enabled, int audioSourceDelay) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableEchoCancellationExternal(
    enabled: boolean,
    audioSourceDelay: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp"> public abstract int EnableEchoCancellationExternal(bool enabled, int audioSourceDelay);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableEchoCancellationExternal(
    enabled: boolean,
    audioSourceDelay: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
  <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; enableEchoCancellationExternal(
    {required bool enabled, required int audioSourceDelay});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>After calling this method, you can push external audio frames to the custom audio module for echo cancellation.</p>
            <note type="attention">Before calling this method, ensure it is called before joining a channel and <xref keyref="setExternalAudioSink" /> is called.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enabled</pt>
                <pd>Set whether to enable custom echo cancellation:
<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable echo cancellation.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Disable echo cancellation.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioSourceDelay</pt>
                <pd>Sets the time (in milliseconds) between pushing audio frames and publishing audio frames. The value range is [0, 30].<ul>
                    <li>To call <xref keyref="pushCaptureAudioFrame1" />, ensure this parameter is set to 0.</li>
                    <li>To call <xref keyref="pushReverseAudioFrame1" /> or process the audio frame captured by the sound card, ensure that this parameter is an integer multiple of 10.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native unreal bp unity cs">0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>