<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_querydevicescore">
    <title><ph keyref="queryDeviceScore"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Queries device score.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="queryDeviceScore"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int queryDeviceScore();</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)queryDeviceScore NS_SWIFT_NAME(queryDeviceScore());</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int queryDeviceScore() = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int QueryDeviceScore();</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract queryDeviceScore(): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int QueryDeviceScore();</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract queryDeviceScore(): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;int> queryDeviceScore();</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.3.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p/>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>In high-definition or ultra-high-definition video scenarios, you can first call this method to query the device's score. If the returned score is low (for example, below 60), you need to lower the video resolution to avoid affecting the video experience. The minimum device score required for different business scenarios is varied. For specific score recommendations, please <xref keyref="ticket-link" />.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, it returns a value in the range of [0,100], indicating the current device's score. The larger the value, the stronger the device capability. Most devices are rated between 60 and 100. When the method call fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly.</p>
            <ul>
                <li props="native electron unity rn">>0: The method call succeeeds, the value is the current device's score, the range is [0,100], the larger the value, the stronger the device capability. Most devices are rated between 60 and 100.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
                </ul> </section>
        </refbody>
</reference>
