<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ibasespatialaudioengine_updateselfposition">
    <title><ph keyref="updateSelfPosition"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Updates the spatial position of the local
        user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="updateSelfPosition"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int updateSelfPosition(
    float[] position, float[] axisForward, float[] axisRight, float[] axisUp);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)updateSelfPosition:(NSArray&lt;NSNumber*>* _Nonnull)position axisForward:(NSArray&lt;NSNumber*>* _Nonnull)axisForward axisRight:(NSArray&lt;NSNumber*>* _Nonnull)axisRight axisUp:(NSArray&lt;NSNumber*>* _Nonnull)axisUp;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int updateSelfPosition(float position[3], float axisForward[3], float axisRight[3], float axisUp[3]) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int UpdateSelfPosition(float[] position, float[] axisForward, float[] axisRight, float[] axisUp);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p id="effect"><ph props="hide">When this method is called under different classes, the
                    effect is different:</ph><ul>
                    <li props="hide">When this method is called under the <xref
                            keyref="ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/> class, the SDK updates the spatial
                        position of the local user to the Agora Spatial Audio Server. The Agora
                        Spatial Audio Server calculates the user's spatial audio effect parameters
                        according to the world coordinates and audio reception range of the local
                        and remote users.</li>
                    <li>Under the <xref keyref="ILocalSpatialAudioEngine"/> class, this method needs
                        to be used with <xref keyref="updateRemotePosition"/>. The SDK calculates
                        the relative position between the local and remote users according to this
                        method and the parameter settings in <apiname keyref="updateRemotePosition"
                        />, and then calculates the user's spatial audio effect parameters.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <note type="note" id="note" props="hide">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after <xref keyref="enterRoom"/>.</li>
                    <li>If you call this method under the <apiname keyref="ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"
                        /> class, note the following:<ul>
                            <li>When you call this method multiple times, Agora recommends a call
                                interval of [120,7000) milliseconds; otherwise, the SDK and the
                                Agora Spatial Audio Server lose synchronization.</li>
                            <li>If the distance between the current spatial position and the last
                                position is less than 0.2 meters or the rotation angle in each
                                direction is less than 15 degrees, the SDK does not update the
                                current spatial position.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry id="position">
                    <pt>position</pt>
                    <pd>The coordinates in the world coordinate system. This parameter is an array
                        of length 3, and the three values represent the front, right, and top
                        coordinates in turn.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="axisforward">
                    <pt>axisForward</pt>
                    <pd id="axisforward_desc">The unit vector of the x axis in the coordinate
                        system. This parameter is an array of length 3, and the three values
                        represent the front, right, and top coordinates in turn.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="axisright">
                    <pt>axisRight</pt>
                    <pd>The unit vector of the y axis in the coordinate system. This parameter is an
                        array of length 3, and the three values represent the front, right, and top
                        coordinates in turn.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="axisup">
                    <pt>axisUp</pt>
                    <pd>The unit vector of the z axis in the coordinate system. This parameter is an
                        array of length 3, and the three values represent the front, right, and top
                        coordinates in turn.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
