<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_getfaceshapebeautyoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="getFaceShapeBeautyOptions" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Gets the beauty effect options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="getFaceShapeBeautyOptions"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract FaceShapeBeautyOptions getFaceShapeBeautyOptions(
      Constants.MediaSourceType sourceType);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (AgoraFaceShapeBeautyOptions * _Nullable)getFaceShapeBeautyOptions:(AgoraMediaSourceType)sourceType NS_SWIFT_NAME(getFaceShapeBeautyOptions(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int getFaceShapeBeautyOptions(FaceShapeBeautyOptions&amp; options, agora::media::MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = agora::media::PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = "Agora|IRtcEngine")
	int GetFaceShapeBeautyOptions(FUABT_FaceShapeBeautyOptions &amp; options, EUABT_MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = EUABT_MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE::PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract getFaceShapeBeautyOptions(
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): FaceShapeBeautyOptions;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int GetFaceShapeBeautyOptions(ref FaceShapeBeautyOptions options, MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE.PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract getFaceShapeBeautyOptions(
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): FaceShapeBeautyOptions;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;FaceShapeBeautyOptions> getFaceShapeBeautyOptions(
      {MediaSourceType type = MediaSourceType.primaryCameraSource});</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.5.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>Calling this method can retrieve the current settings of the beauty effect.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>When the user opens the beauty style and style intensity menu in the app, you can call this method to get the current beauty effect options, then refresh the menu in the user interface according to the results, and update the UI.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo" />.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>None.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="setFaceShapeBeautyOptions/options" props="cpp unreal bp unity cs">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="setFilterEffectOptions/type">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, the <apiname keyref="FaceShapeBeautyOptions"/> object is returned; when the method call fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="cpp unreal bp unity cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul>
            <ul props="apple android electron rn">
            <li>A pointer to the <apiname keyref="FaceShapeBeautyOptions"/> instance, if the method call succeeds.</li>
            <li> <ph keyref="NULL"/> is returned, if the method call fails.</li>
            </ul> </section>
        </refbody>
</reference>
