<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enablelocalaudio">
    <title><ph keyref="enableLocalAudio" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables or disables the local audio capture.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableLocalAudio" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableLocalAudio(boolean enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableLocalAudio:(BOOL)enabled;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableLocalAudio(bool enabled) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int EnableLocalAudio(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableLocalAudio(enabled: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableLocalAudio(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableLocalAudio(enabled: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; enableLocalAudio(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p>The audio function is enabled by default when users joining a channel. This method disables or re-enables the local audio function to stop or restart local audio capturing.</p>
            <p>The difference between this method and <xref keyref="muteLocalAudioStream" /> are as follows:<ul>
                <li><apiname keyref="enableLocalAudio" />: Disables or re-enables the local audio capturing and processing. If you disable or re-enable local audio capturing using the <apiname keyref="enableLocalAudio" /> method, the local user might hear a pause in the remote audio playback.</li>
                <li><apiname keyref="muteLocalAudioStream" />: Sends or stops sending the local audio streams without affecting the audio capture status.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>This method does not affect receiving the remote audio streams, and <xref keyref="enableLocalAudio" /><codeph>(<ph keyref="false" />)</codeph> is applicable to scenarios where the user wants to receive remote audio streams without sending any audio stream to other users in the channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel. Calling it before joining a channel only sets the device state, and it takes effect immediately after you join the channel.</p>
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>None.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Related callbacks</title>
            <p>Once the local audio function is disabled or re-enabled, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalAudioStateChanged" /> callback, which reports <apiname keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_STOPPED" />(0) or <apiname keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_RECORDING" />(1).</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enabled</pt>
                <pd>
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Re-enable the local audio function, that is, to start the local audio capturing device (for example, the microphone).</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Disable the local audio function, that is, to stop local audio capturing.</li>
                    </ul>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
        </refbody>
</reference>