<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setcloudproxy">
    <title> <ph keyref="setCloudProxy"/> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the Agora cloud proxy service.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setCloudProxy"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setCloudProxy(int proxyType);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setCloudProxy:(AgoraCloudProxyType)proxyType NS_SWIFT_NAME(setCloudProxy(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setCloudProxy(CLOUD_PROXY_TYPE proxyType) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setCloudProxy(proxyType: CloudProxyType): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetCloudProxy(CLOUD_PROXY_TYPE proxyType);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setCloudProxy(proxyType: CloudProxyType): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setCloudProxy(CloudProxyType proxyType);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>When users' network access is restricted by a firewall, configure the firewall to allow specific IP addresses and ports provided by Agora; then, call this method to enable the cloud proxy and set the cloud proxy type with the <parmname>proxyType</parmname> parameter.</p>
            <p>After successfully connecting to the cloud proxy, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/> (<ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTING"/>, <ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_SETTING_PROXY_SERVER"/>) callback.</p>
            <p>To disable the cloud proxy that has been set, call the <codeph><apiname keyref="setCloudProxy"/> (<apiname keyref="NONE_PROXY"/>)</codeph>.</p>
            <p>To change the cloud proxy type that has been set, call the <codeph><apiname keyref="setCloudProxy"/> (<apiname keyref="NONE_PROXY"/>)</codeph> first, and then call the <apiname keyref="setCloudProxy"/> to set the <parmname>proxyType</parmname> you want.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Agora recommends that you call this method before joining the channel or after leaving the channel.</li>
            <li>When a user is behind a firewall and uses the Force UDP cloud proxy, the services for Media Push and cohosting across channels are not available.</li>
            <li>When you use the Force TCP cloud proxy, note that an error would occur when calling the <xref keyref="startAudioMixing2"/> method to play online music files in the HTTP protocol. The services for Media Push and cohosting across channels use the cloud proxy with the TCP protocol.</li>
            </ul></note></section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>proxyType</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="ios mac cpp electron unity flutter rn">The type of the cloud proxy. See <xref keyref="CLOUD_PROXY_TYPE" />.</p>
                    <p props="android"><ph>Type of the cloud proxy.</ph><ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="NONE_PROXY"/>(0): The automatic mode. The SDK has this mode enabled by default. In this mode, the SDK attempts a direct connection to SD-RTN™ and automatically switches to TCP/TLS 443 if the attempt fails.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="UDP_PROXY"/>(1): The cloud proxy for the UDP protocol, that is, the Force UDP cloud proxy mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data over UDP.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="TCP_PROXY"/>(2): The cloud proxy for the TCP (encryption) protocol, that is, the Force TCP cloud proxy mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data over TCP/TLS 443.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                    <p>This parameter is mandatory. The SDK reports an error if you do not pass in a value.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li> &lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
                <li>-2: The parameter is invalid.</li>
                <li>-7: The SDK is not initialized.</li>
                </ul> </li>
            </ul></section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
