<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setcameradeviceorientation">
    <title><ph keyref="setCameraDeviceOrientation" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the rotation angle of the captured video.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setCameraDeviceOrientation" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setCameraDeviceOrientation(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE type, VIDEO_ORIENTATION orientation) = 0;
</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int SetCameraDeviceOrientation(EVIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE type, FENUMWRAP_VIDEO_ORIENTATION orientation);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setCameraDeviceOrientation(
    type: VideoSourceType,
    orientation: VideoOrientation
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetCameraDeviceOrientation(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE type, VIDEO_ORIENTATION orientation);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setCameraDeviceOrientation(
    type: VideoSourceType,
    orientation: VideoOrientation
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setCameraDeviceOrientation(
    {required VideoSourceType type, required VideoOrientation orientation});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section> 
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <note type="attention"><ul>
            <li props="cpp unreal bp electron unity flutter">This method applies to Windows only.</li>
            <li>You must call this method after <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>. The setting result will take effect after the camera is successfully turned on, that is, after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged" /> callback and returns the local video state as <apiname keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING"/> (1).</li>
            <li>When the video capture device does not have the gravity sensing function, you can call this method to manually adjust the rotation angle of the captured video.</li>
            </ul></note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>type</pt>
                <pd>The video source type. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml>
            <parml id="parml_ejw_j4f_3qb">
            <plentry>
                <pt>orientation</pt>
                <pd>The clockwise rotation angle. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_ORIENTATION" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="cpp unreal bp unity rn electron cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>