<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_playalleffects">
    <title><ph keyref="playAllEffects" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Plays all audio effects.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="playAllEffects" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int playAllEffects(int loopCount, double pitch, double pan, int gain, bool publish = false) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract playAllEffects(
    loopCount: number,
    pitch: number,
    pan: number,
    gain: number,
    publish?: boolean
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int PlayAllEffects(int loopCount, double pitch, double pan, int gain, bool publish = false);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract playAllEffects(
    loopCount: number,
    pitch: number,
    pan: number,
    gain: number,
    publish?: boolean
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; playAllEffects(
    {required int loopCount,
    required double pitch,
    required double pan,
    required int gain,
    bool publish = false});</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>After calling <xref keyref="preloadEffect" /> multiple times to preload multiple audio effects into the memory, you can call this method to play all the specified audio effects for all users in the channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>loopCount</pt>
                <pd>The number of times the audio effect loops:<ul>
                    <li>-1: Play the audio effect in an indefinite loop until you call <xref keyref="stopEffect" /> or <xref keyref="stopAllEffects" />.</li>
                    <li>0: Play the audio effect once.</li>
                    <li>1: Play the audio effect twice.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>pitch</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The pitch of the audio effect. The value ranges between 0.5 and 2.0. The default value is 1.0 (original pitch). The lower the value, the lower the pitch.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>pan</pt>
                <pd>The spatial position of the audio effect. The value ranges between -1.0 and 1.0:<ul>
                    <li>-1.0: The audio effect shows on the left.</li>
                    <li>0: The audio effect shows ahead.</li>
                    <li>1.0: The audio effect shows on the right.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>gain</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The volume of the audio effect. The value range is [0, 100]. The default value is 100 (original volume). The smaller the value, the lower the volume.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publish</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish the audio effect to the remote users:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the audio effect to the remote users. Both the local user and remote users can hear the audio effect.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not publish the audio effect to the remote users. Only the local user can hear the audio effect.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native unity">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul></section>
    </refbody>
</reference>