<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_enableaudiovolumeindication">
    <title><ph keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables the reporting of users' volume indication.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableAudioVolumeIndication(int interval, int smooth, boolean reportVad);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableAudioVolumeIndication:(NSInteger)interval
                            smooth:(NSInteger)smooth
                            reportVad:(BOOL)reportVad;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableAudioVolumeIndication(int interval, int smooth, bool reportVad) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableAudioVolumeIndication(int interval, int smooth, bool reportVad);</codeblock>
        </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   <p>This method enables the SDK to regularly report the volume information of the local user who sends a stream and remote users (up to three) whose instantaneous volumes are the highest to the app. Once you call this method and users send streams in the channel, the SDK triggers the  callback at the time interval set in<xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /> this method.</p>
   <note type="attention">You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>interval</pt>
  <pd>Sets the time interval between two consecutive volume indications:<ul>
                            <li>≤ 0: Disables the volume indication.</li>
                            <li>> 0: Time interval (ms) between two consecutive volume indications. 该参数需要设为 200 的整数倍。 如果取值低于 200，SDK 会自动调整为 200。</li>
                        </ul></pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>smooth</pt>
  <pd>The smoothing factor sets the sensitivity of the audio volume indicator. The value ranges between 0 and 10. The recommended value is 3. The greater the value, the more sensitive the indicator.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
           <pt>reportVad</pt>
  <pd>
      <ul>
 <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable the voice activity detection of the local user. Once it is enabled,<apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /> the <parmname>vad</parmname> parameter of the  callback reports the voice activity status of the local user.</li>
 <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Disable the voice activity detection of the local user. Once it is disabled, the vad parameter of the  callback<apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /> does not report the voice activity status of the <parmname></parmname>local user, except for the scenario where the engine automatically detects the voice activity of the local user.</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
