<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_preloadeffect">
    <title><ph keyref="preloadEffect" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Preloads a specified audio effect file into the memory.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="preloadEffect" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public int preloadEffect(int soundId, String filePath);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)preloadEffect:(int)soundId
            filePath:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int preloadEffect(int soundId, const char* filePath) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int PreloadEffect(int soundId, FString filePath, int startPos);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract preloadEffect(
    soundId: number,
    filePath: string,
    startPos?: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int PreloadEffect(int soundId, string filePath, int startPos = 0);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract preloadEffect(
    soundId: number,
    filePath: string,
    startPos?: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; preloadEffect(
    {required int soundId, required String filePath, int startPos = 0});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>To ensure smooth communication, It is recommended that you limit the size of the audio effect file. You can call this method to preload the audio effect before calling <apiname keyref="joinChannel2"/>.</p>
            <note type="note">
            <p id="audioFormats">For the audio file formats supported by this method, see <xref keyref="audio-format">What formats of audio files does the Agora RTC SDK support</xref>.</p>
            </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>soundId</pt>
                <pd id="soundId">The audio effect ID. The ID of each audio effect file is unique.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="filePath">
                <pt>filePath</pt>
                <pd>File path:
<ul>
                    <li props="android flutter unity cpp unreal bp rn">Android: The file path, which needs to be accurate to the file name and suffix. Agora supports URL addresses, absolute paths, or file paths that start with <codeph>/assets/</codeph>. You might encounter permission issues if you use an absolute path to access a local file, so Agora recommends using a URI address instead. For example<codeph>: content://com.android.providers.media.documents/document/audio%3A14441</codeph></li>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp flutter unity electron cs">Windows: The absolute path or URL address (including the suffixes of the filename) of the audio effect file. For example<codeph>: C:\music\audio.mp4</codeph>.</li>
                    <li props="ios mac flutter unity">iOS or macOS: The absolute path or URL address (including the suffixes of the filename) of the audio effect file. For example: <codeph>/var/mobile/Containers/Data/audio.mp4</codeph>.</li>
                    <li props="rn">iOS: The absolute path or URL address (including the suffixes of the filename) of the audio effect file. For example: <codeph>/var/mobile/Containers/Data/audio.mp4</codeph>.</li>
                    <li props="electron">macOS: The absolute path or URL address (including the suffixes of the filename) of the audio effect file. For example: <codeph>/var/mobile/Containers/Data/audio.mp4</codeph>.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity rn electron flutter cs">
                <pt>startPos</pt>
                <pd>The playback position (ms) of the audio effect file.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
