<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setenablespeakerphone">
    <title><ph keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables/Disables the audio route to the speakerphone.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setEnableSpeakerphone(boolean enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setEnableSpeakerphone:(BOOL)enableSpeaker;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setEnableSpeakerphone(bool speakerOn) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int SetEnableSpeakerphone(bool speakerOn);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setEnableSpeakerphone(speakerOn: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetEnableSpeakerphone(bool speakerOn);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setEnableSpeakerphone(speakerOn: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setEnableSpeakerphone(bool speakerOn);</codeblock></p> </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <note type="attention" props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter cs">This method is for Android and iOS only.</note> 
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>If the default audio route of the SDK or the setting in <xref keyref="setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone" /> cannot meet your requirements, you can call this method to switch the current audio route.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>Call this method after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <ul>
                <li>This method only sets the audio route in the current channel and does not influence the default audio route. If the user leaves the current channel and joins another channel, the default audio route is used.</li>
                <li>If the user uses an external audio playback device such as a Bluetooth or wired headset, this method does not take effect, and the SDK plays audio through the external device. When the user uses multiple external devices, the SDK plays audio through the last connected device.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Related callbacks</title>
            <p>After successfully calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioRoutingChanged" /> callback to report the current audio route.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android hmos">enabled</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">enableSpeaker</pt>
                <pt props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter rn electron cs">speakerOn</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Sets whether to enable the speakerphone or earpiece:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable device state monitoring. The audio route is the speakerphone.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Disable device state monitoring. The audio route is the earpiece.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp unity rn electron cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
