<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_startchannelmediarelayex">
    <title><ph keyref="startChannelMediaRelayEx" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts relaying media streams across channels. This method can be used to implement scenarios such as co-host across channels.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startChannelMediaRelayEx" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startChannelMediaRelayEx(
      ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration channelMediaRelayConfiguration, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startChannelMediaRelayEx:(AgoraChannelMediaRelayConfiguration * _Nonnull)config connection:(AgoraRtcConnection * _Nonnull)connection NS_SWIFT_NAME(startChannelMediaRelayEx(_:connection:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startChannelMediaRelayEx(const ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration&amp; configuration, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startChannelMediaRelayEx(
    configuration: ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration,
    connection: RtcConnection
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartChannelMediaRelayEx(ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration configuration, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startChannelMediaRelayEx(
    configuration: ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration,
    connection: RtcConnection
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startChannelMediaRelayEx(
      {required ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration configuration,
      required RtcConnection connection});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unreal" outputclass="language-cpp" /></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>After a successful method call, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged" /> and <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayEvent" /> callbacks, and these callbacks return the state and events of the media stream relay.<ul>
            <li>If the <apiname keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged" /> callback returns <apiname keyref="RELAY_STATE_RUNNING" /> (2) and <apiname keyref="RELAY_OK" /> (0), and the <apiname keyref="onChannelMediaRelayEvent" /> callback returns <apiname keyref="RELAY_EVENT_PACKET_SENT_TO_DEST_CHANNEL" /> (4), it means that the SDK starts relaying media streams between the source channel and the destination channel.</li>
            <li>If the <apiname keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged" /> callback returns<apiname keyref="RELAY_STATE_FAILURE" /> (3), an exception occurs during the media stream relay.</li>
            </ul> </p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Call this method after joining the channel.</li>
            <li>This method takes effect only when you are a host in a live streaming channel.</li>
            <li>After a successful method call, if you want to call this method again, ensure that you call the <xref keyref="stopChannelMediaRelayEx" /> method to quit the current relay.</li>
            <li>The relaying media streams across channels function needs to be <xref keyref="ticket-link" /> enabled.</li>
            <li>We do not support string user accounts in this API.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="native electron unity rn flutter">
                <pt props="android">channelMediaRelayConfiguration</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">config</pt>
                <pt props="cpp electron unity rn flutter">configuration</pt>
                <pd>The configuration of the media stream relay. See <xref keyref="ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
                <li>-1: A general error occurs (no specified reason).</li>
                <li>-2: The parameter is invalid.</li>
                <li>-7: The method call was rejected. It may be because the SDK has not been initialized successfully, or the user role is not an host.</li>
                <li>-8: Internal state error. Probably because the user is not an audience member.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>