<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setencryptionsecret">
    <title><ph keyref="setEncryptionSecret" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables built-in encryption with an encryption password before users join a channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setEncryptionSecret" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setEncryptionSecret(String secret);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setEncryptionSecret:(NSString * _Nullable)secret;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setEncryptionSecret(const char* secret) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">setEncryptionSecret(secret: string): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetEncryptionSecret(string secret);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setEncryptionSecret(String secret);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   <dl outputclass="deprecated">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
  <dd>This method is deprecated from <ph keyref="deprecate-encryption" />. Please use <xref keyref="enableEncryption" /> instead.</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p id="desc">Before joining the channel, you need to call this method to set the <parmname>secret</parmname> parameter to enable the built-in encryption. All users in the same channel should use the same <parmname>secret</parmname>. The <parmname>secret</parmname> is automatically cleared once a user leaves the channel. If you do not specify the <parmname>secret</parmname> or <parmname>secret</parmname> is set as null, the built-in encryption is disabled.</p>
   <note type="attention" id="note">
       <ul>
  <li>Do not use this method for CDN live streaming.</li>
  <li>For optimal transmission, ensure that the encrypted data size does not exceed the original data size + 16 bytes. 16 bytes is the maximum padding size for AES encryption.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameters</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>secret</pt>
  <pd>The encryption password.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>