<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_updatechannelmediaoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Updates the channel media options after joining the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int updateChannelMediaOptions(ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)updateChannelWithMediaOptions:(AgoraRtcChannelMediaOptions* _Nonnull)mediaOptions;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int updateChannelMediaOptions(const ChannelMediaOptions&amp; options) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract updateChannelMediaOptions(options: ChannelMediaOptions): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int UpdateChannelMediaOptions(ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract updateChannelMediaOptions(options: ChannelMediaOptions): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; updateChannelMediaOptions(ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android cpp unity rn electron flutter">options</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">mediaOptions</pt>
                <pd>The channel media options. See <xref keyref="ChannelMediaOptions" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly.</p>
            <ul id="ul_uns_l2y_hqb">
            <li props="native electron unity rn">0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
                <li>-2:<xref keyref="ChannelMediaOptions" /> The value of a member in the  structure is invalid. For example, the token or the user ID is invalid. You need to fill in a valid parameter.</li>
                <li>-7: The <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine" /> object has not been initialized. You need to initialize the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine" /> object before calling this method.</li>
                <li>-8: The internal state of the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine" /> object is wrong. The possible reason is that the user is not in the channel. Agora recomments that you can use the  callback to determine whether the user exists in the channel. If you receive the<apiname keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_DISCONNECTED" />  (1) or  <apiname keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_FAILED" />(5) state, the user is not in the channel. You need to call  to join a channel before calling this method<xref keyref="joinChannel2" />.<xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged" /></li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>