<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_iaudiodevicemanager_followsystemrecordingdevice">
    <title><ph keyref="followSystemRecordingDevice" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the audio recording device used by the SDK to follow the system default audio recording device.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="followSystemRecordingDevice" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">(int) followSystemRecordingDevice:(BOOL)enable;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int followSystemRecordingDevice(bool enable) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IAudioDeviceManager&quot;)
	int FollowSystemRecordingDevice(bool enable);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract followSystemRecordingDevice(enable: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int FollowSystemRecordingDevice(bool enable);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract followSystemRecordingDevice(enable: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; followSystemRecordingDevice(bool enable);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <note type="attention" props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter">This method is for Windows and macOS only.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <parml id="parml_ywj_tf3_5sb">
            <plentry>
                <pt>enable</pt>
                <pd>Whether to follow the system default audio recording device:<ul id="ul_zwj_tf3_5sb">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Follow the system default audio playback device. The SDK immediately switches the audio recording device when the system default audio recording device changes.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not follow the system default audio playback device. The SDK switches the audio recording device to the system default audio recording device only when the currently used audio recording device is disconnected.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml></section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="mac cpp unreal bp unity electron rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>