<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enablecameracenterstage">
    <title><ph keyref="enableCameraCenterStage"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables or disables portrait center stage.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableCameraCenterStage"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableCameraCenterStage:(BOOL)enabled NS_SWIFT_NAME(enableCameraCenterStage(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableCameraCenterStage(bool enabled) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int EnableCameraCenterStage(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableCameraCenterStage(enabled: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableCameraCenterStage(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableCameraCenterStage(enabled: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> enableCameraCenterStage(bool enabled);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.3.1</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>The portrait center stage feature is off by default. You need to call this method to turn it on. If you need to disable this feature, you need to call this method again and set <parmname>enabled</parmname> to <codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>.</p>
            <note type="attention" props="cpp flutter unreal bp unity">This method is for iOS and macOS only.</note>
            <note type="attention" props="rn">This method applies to iOS only.</note>
            <note type="attention" props="electron">This method applies to macOS only.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>The portrait center stage feature can be widely used in scenarios such as online meetings, shows, online education, etc. The host can use this feature to ensure that they are always in the center of the screen, whether they move or not, in order to achieve a good display effect.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>This method must be called after the camera is successfully enabled, that is, after the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> callback and returns the local video state as <apiname keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING"/> (1).</p>
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>Due to the high performance requirements of this feature, you need to use it on the following types of devices or devices with higher performance:<ul>
                <li>iPad:<ul>
                    <li>12.9-inch iPad Pro (5th generation)</li>
                    <li>11-inch iPad Pro (3rd generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad (9th generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad mini (6th generation)</li>
                    <li>iPad Air (5th generation)</li></ul></li>
                <li>2020 M1 MacBook Pro 13-inch + iPhone 11 (using iPhone as external camera for the MacBook)</li>
            </ul></p>
            <p>Agora recommends that you call <xref keyref="isCameraCenterStageSupported"/> to check whether the current device supports portrait center stage before enabling this feature.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enabled</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable the portrait center stage:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable portrait center stage.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Disable portrait center stage.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly.</p>
            <ul props="native electron unity rn unreal bp">
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
                </ul> </section>
        </refbody>
</reference>
