<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startrtmpstreamwithtranscoding">
    <title> <ph keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding"/> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts Media Push and sets the transcoding configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(String url, LiveTranscoding transcoding);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding:(NSString* _Nonnull)url transcoding:(AgoraLiveTranscoding* _Nullable)transcoding;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(const char* url, const LiveTranscoding&amp; transcoding) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int StartRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(FString url, FLiveTranscoding&amp; transcoding);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(
    url: string,
    transcoding: LiveTranscoding
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(string url, LiveTranscoding transcoding);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(
    url: string,
    transcoding: LiveTranscoding
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(
    {required String url, required LiveTranscoding transcoding});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"/></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>Agora recommends that you use the server-side Media Push function. For details, see <xref keyref="cdn-streaming-restful">Use RESTful API</xref>.</p>
            <p>You can call this method to push a live audio-and-video stream to the specified CDN address and set the transcoding configuration. This method can push media streams to only one CDN address at a time, so if you need to push streams to multiple addresses, call this method multiple times.</p>
            <p>Under one Agora project, the maximum number of concurrent tasks to push media streams is 200 by default. If you need a higher quota, contact <xref keyref="ticket-link"/>.</p>
            <p>After you call this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback on the local client to report the state of the streaming.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
            <ul>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>Only hosts in the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile can call this method.</li>
            <li>If you want to retry pushing streams after a failed push, make sure to call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> first, then call this method to retry pushing streams; otherwise, the SDK returns the same error code as the last failed push.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="url">
                <pt>url</pt>
                <pd>The address of Media Push. The format is RTMP or RTMPS. The character length cannot exceed 1024 bytes. Special characters such as Chinese characters are not supported.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="transcoding">
                <pt>transcoding</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The transcoding configuration for Media Push. See <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp unity electron rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ul>
                <li>-2：URL 或转码属性参数错误，请检查你的 URL 或参数设置。</li>
                <li>-7: The SDK is not initialized before calling this method.</li>
                <li>-19: The Media Push URL is already in use, use another URL instead.</li>
                </ul> </li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
