<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enablelocalvideo">
    <title><ph keyref="enableLocalVideo" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables/Disables the local video capture.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableLocalVideo" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableLocalVideo(boolean enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableLocalVideo:(BOOL)enabled;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableLocalVideo(bool enabled) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int EnableLocalVideo(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableLocalVideo(enabled: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableLocalVideo(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableLocalVideo(enabled: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; enableLocalVideo(bool enabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p id="desc1">This method disables or re-enables the local video capture, and does not affect receiving the remote video stream.</p>
            <p>After calling <xref keyref="enableVideo" />, the local video capture is enabled by default.</p>
            <p>If you call <xref keyref="enableLocalVideo" />(<codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>) to disable local video capture within the channel, it also simultaneously stops publishing the video stream within the channel. If you want to restart video catpure, you can call <apiname keyref="enableLocalVideo" />(<codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>) and then call <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions"/> to set the <parmname>options</parmname> parameter to publish the locally captured video stream in the channel.</p>
            <p>After the local video capturer is successfully disabled or re-enabled, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRemoteVideoStateChanged" /> callback on the remote client.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>This method enables the internal engine and is valid after leaving the channel.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enabled</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to enable the local video capture.</p>
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Enable the local video capture.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Disable the local video capture. Once the local video is disabled, the remote users cannot receive the video stream of the local user, while the local user can still receive the video streams of remote users. When set to <codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>, this method does not require a local camera.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>