<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_enableencryption">
     <title> <ph keyref="enableEncryption" /> </title>
     <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables or disables the built-in encryption.</ph></shortdesc>
     <prolog>
          <metadata>
               <keywords>
                    <indexterm keyref="enableEncryption" />
               </keywords>
          </metadata>
     </prolog>
     <refbody>
          <section id="prototype">
               <p outputclass="codeblock">
               <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int enableEncryption(boolean enabled, EncryptionConfig config);</codeblock>
               <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">public abstract enableEncryption(enabled: boolean, config: EncryptionConfig): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableEncryption:(bool)enabled encryptionConfig:(AgoraEncryptionConfig * _Nonnull)config;</codeblock>
               <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableEncryption(bool enabled, const EncryptionConfig&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int EnableEncryption(bool enabled, const FEncryptionConfig&amp; config);</codeblock>
               <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableEncryption(enabled: boolean, config: EncryptionConfig): number;</codeblock>
               <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableEncryption(bool enabled, EncryptionConfig config);</codeblock>
               <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract enableEncryption(enabled: boolean, config: EncryptionConfig): number;</codeblock>
               <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; enableEncryption(
    {required bool enabled, required EncryptionConfig config});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
          </section>
          <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
               <p>After the user leaves the channel, the SDK automatically disables the built-in encryption. To enable the built-in encryption, call this method before the user joins the channel again.</p>
               </section>
               <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
                    <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
                    <p>Scenarios with higher security requirements.</p>
                </section>
                <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
                    <title>Call timing</title>
                    <p>Call this method before joining a channel.</p>
                </section>        
                <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
                    <title>Restrictions</title>
                    <ul><li>All users within the same channel must set the same encryption configurations when calling this method.</li>
                        <li>If you enable the built-in encryption, you cannot use the Media Push function.</li></ul>
                </section>
                <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
               <title>Parameters</title>
               <parml>
               <plentry id="enable">
                    <pt>enabled</pt>
                    <pd>
                         <p>Whether to enable built-in encryption:<ul>
                         <li><ph keyref="true"/>: Enable the built-in encryption.</li>
                         <li><ph keyref="false"/>: (Default) Disable the built-in encryption.</li>
                         </ul> </p>
                    </pd>
               </plentry>
               <plentry id="config">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>Built-in encryption configurations. See <xref keyref="EncryptionConfig" />.</pd>
               </plentry>
               </parml> </section>
          <section id="return_values">
               <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
               <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
               <li>0: Success.</li>
               <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
                    <li>-2: An invalid parameter is used. Set the parameter with a valid value.</li>
                    <li>-4: The built-in encryption mode is incorrect or the SDK fails to load the external encryption library. Check the enumeration or reload the external encryption library.</li>
                    <li>-7: The SDK is not initialized. Initialize the <xref keyref="IRtcEngine" /> instance before calling this method.</li>
                    </ul> </li>
               </ul> </section>
     </refbody>
</reference>
