<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_iaudiodevicemanager_startaudiodeviceloopbacktest">
    <title><ph keyref="startAudioDeviceLoopbackTest" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts an audio device loopback test.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startAudioDeviceLoopbackTest" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">-(int)startAudioDeviceLoopbackTest:(int)indicationInterval;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startAudioDeviceLoopbackTest(int indicationInterval) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startAudioDeviceLoopbackTest(indicationInterval: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartAudioDeviceLoopbackTest(int indicationInterval);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startAudioDeviceLoopbackTest(int indicationInterval);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method tests whether the local audio capture device and playback device are working properly. Once the test starts, the audio recording device records the local audio, and the audio playback device plays the captured audio. The SDK triggers two independent <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /> callbacks at the time interval set in this method, which reports the volume information of the capture device (<parmname>uid</parmname> = 0) and the volume information of the playback device (<parmname>uid</parmname> = 1) respectively.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Ensure that you call this method before joining a channel.</li>
            <li>This method tests local audio devices and does not report the network conditions.</li>
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>indicationInterval</pt>
                <pd>The time interval (ms) at which the SDK triggers the <apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /> callback. Agora recommends setting a value greater than 200 ms. This value must not be less than 10 ms; otherwise, you can not receive the <apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /> callback.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
