<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setvoiceconversionpreset">
    <title><ph keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets a preset voice beautifier effect.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setVoiceConversionPreset(int preset);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setVoiceConversionPreset:(AgoraVoiceConversionPreset)preset;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setVoiceConversionPreset(VOICE_CONVERSION_PRESET preset) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVoiceConversionPreset(preset: VoiceConversionPreset): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetVoiceConversionPreset(VOICE_CONVERSION_PRESET preset);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVoiceConversionPreset(preset: VoiceConversionPreset): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setVoiceConversionPreset(VoiceConversionPreset preset);</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p><ph>Call this method to set a preset voice beautifier effect for the local user who sends an audio stream. After setting an audio effect, all users in the channel can hear the effect. You can set different voice beautifier effects for different scenarios. </ph><ph props="native">For the applicable scenarios of each voice beautifier effect, refer to Set the Voice Effect.</ph></p>
            <p>To achieve better audio effect quality, Agora recommends that you call <xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> and set the <parmname>profile</parmname> to <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/>(4) or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>(5) and <parmname>scenario</parmname> to <apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING"/>(3) before calling this method.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>Do not set the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter in <apiname keyref="setAudioProfile"/> to <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_SPEECH_STANDARD"/>(1)<ph props="cpp rn electron flutter"> or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_IOT"/>(6)</ph>, or the method does not take effect.</li>
            <li>This method works best with the human voice. Agora does not recommend using this method for audio containing music.</li>
            <li>After<apiname keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/> calling<apiname keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/> , Agora recommends not calling the following methods, or the settings in  are overridden:<ul>
                <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setAudioEffectParameters"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverbPreset"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoicePitch"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceEqualization"/></li>
                <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverb"/></li>
                </ul> </li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>preset</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="ios mac cpp unity flutter rn electron">The options for the preset voice beautifier effects: <xref keyref="VOICE_CONVERSION_PRESET" />.</p>
                    <p props="android">The options for SDK preset voice conversion effects.<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CONVERSION_OFF"/>: Turn off voice conversion effects and use the original voice.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_NEUTRAL"/>: A gender-neutral voice. To avoid audio distortion, ensure that you use this enumerator to process a female-sounding voice.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_SWEET"/>: A sweet voice. To avoid audio distortion, ensure that you use this enumerator to process a female-sounding voice.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_SOLID"/>: A steady voice. To avoid audio distortion, ensure that you use this enumerator to process a male-sounding voice.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_BASS"/>: A deep voice. To avoid audio distortion, ensure that you use this enumerator to process a male-sounding voice.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
