<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ilocalspatialaudioengine_removeremoteposition">
    <title><ph keyref="removeRemotePosition" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Removes the spatial position of the specified remote user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="removeRemotePosition" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int removeRemotePosition(int uid);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int) removeRemotePosition:(NSUInteger)uid;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int removeRemotePosition(uid_t uid) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|ILocalSpatialAudioEngine&quot;)
	int RemoveRemotePosition(int64 uid);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract removeRemotePosition(uid: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int RemoveRemotePosition(uint uid);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract removeRemotePosition(uid: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; removeRemotePosition(int uid);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>After successfully calling this method, the local user no longer hears the specified remote user.</p>
            <p>After leaving the channel, to avoid wasting computing resources, call this method to delete the spatial position information of the specified remote user. Otherwise, the user's spatial position information will be saved continuously. When the number of remote users exceeds the number of audio streams that can be received as set in <xref keyref="setMaxAudioRecvCount"/>, the system automatically unsubscribes from the audio stream of the user who is furthest away based on relative distance.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="uid">
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID. This parameter must be the same as the user ID passed in when the user joined the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>