<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setdirectcdnstreamingvideoconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="setDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the video profile of the media streams directly pushed to the CDN by the host.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration(VideoEncoderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration:(AgoraVideoEncoderConfiguration * _Nonnull)config;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual
            int setDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration(const VideoEncoderConfiguration&amp; config)
            = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = "Agora|IRtcEngine")
	int SetDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration(const FVideoEncoderConfiguration&amp; config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration(
    config: VideoEncoderConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration(VideoEncoderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration(
    config: VideoEncoderConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setDirectCdnStreamingVideoConfiguration(
      VideoEncoderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"/></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="deprecated" props="native">
                <dlentry outputclass="deprecated">
                    <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                    <dd props="cpp">Deprecated as of v4.6.0.</dd>
                    <dd props="apple">Deprecated as of v4.6.0.</dd>
                    <dd props="android">Deprecated as of v4.6.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                </dl>
            <p><ph>This method only affects video streams captured by cameras or screens, or from custom video capture sources. </ph><ph>That is, when you set <parmname>publishCameraTrack</parmname> or <parmname>publishCustomVideoTrack</parmname> in <xref keyref="DirectCdnStreamingMediaOptions"/> as <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph> to capture videos, you can call this method to set the video profiles.</ph></p>
            <p>If your local camera does not support the video resolution you set,the SDK automatically adjusts the video resolution to a value that is closest to your settings for capture, encoding or streaming, with the same aspect ratio as the resolution you set. You can get the actual resolution of the video streams through the <xref keyref="onDirectCdnStreamingStats"/> callback.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="config">
                <pt>config</pt>
                <pd>Video profile. See <xref keyref="VideoEncoderConfiguration"/>.<note>During CDN live streaming, Agora only supports setting <apiname keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE"/> as <apiname keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE_FIXED_LANDSCAPE"/> or <apiname keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE_FIXED_PORTRAIT"/>.</note></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="bp cs electron native rn unity unreal">
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
