<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setainsmode">
    <title><ph keyref="setAINSMode"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets whether to enable the AI ​​noise suppression function and set the noise suppression mode.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setAINSMode"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setAINSMode(boolean enabled, int mode);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setAINSMode:(BOOL)enabled mode:(AUDIO_AINS_MODE)mode NS_SWIFT_NAME(setAINSMode(_:mode:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setAINSMode(bool enabled,  AUDIO_AINS_MODE mode) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int SetAINSMode(bool enabled, EAUDIO_AINS_MODE mode);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setAINSMode(enabled: boolean, mode: AudioAinsMode): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetAINSMode(bool enabled, AUDIO_AINS_MODE mode);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setAINSMode(enabled: boolean, mode: AudioAinsMode): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> setAINSMode(
      {required bool enabled, required AudioAinsMode mode});</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="native">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>v4.2.0</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>You can call this method to enable AI noise suppression function. Once enabled, the SDK automatically detects and reduces stationary and non-stationary noise from your audio on the premise of ensuring the quality of human voice. Stationary noise refers to noise signal with constant average statistical properties and negligibly small fluctuations of level within the period of observation. Common sources of stationary noises are:<ul><li>Television;</li>
                            <li>Air conditioner;</li>
                            <li>Machinery, etc.</li></ul>Non-stationary noise refers to noise signal with huge fluctuations of level within the period of observation; common sources of non-stationary noises are:<ul><li>Thunder;</li>
                            <li>Explosion;</li>
                            <li>Cracking, etc.</li></ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>In scenarios such as co-streaming, online education and video meeting, this function can detect and reduce background noises to improve experience.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <ul><li props="native">This method relies on the AI noise suppression dynamic library <codeph><ph keyref="noisesuppression"/></codeph>. If the dynamic library is deleted, the function cannot be enabled.</li>
                <li props="unity flutter rn">This method relies on the AI noise suppression dynamic library. If the dynamic library is deleted, the function cannot be enabled. For the name of the AI ​​noise suppression dynamic library, see <xref keyref="reduce-app-size"/>.</li>
                <li props="cpp android flutter unity bp unreal rn">Agora does not recommend enabling this function on devices running Android 6.0 and below.</li></ul>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enabled</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable the AI noise suppression function:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: <ph>Enable the AI noise suppression.</ph></li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: <ph>(Default) Disable the AI noise suppression.</ph></li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>mode</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="cpp apple framework">The AI noise suppression modes. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_AINS_MODE"/>.</p>
                    <p props="android hmos">The AI noise suppression modes:<ul>
                    <li>0: (Default) Balance mode. This mode allows for a balanced performance on noice suppression and time delay.</li>
                    <li>1: Aggressive mode. In scenarios where high performance on noise suppression is required, such as live streaming outdoor events, this mode reduces nosies more dramatically, but sometimes may affect the original character of the audio.</li>
                    <li>2: Aggressive mode with low latency. The noise suppression delay of this mode is about only half of that of the balance and aggressive modes. It is suitable for scenarios that have high requirements on noise suppression with low latency, such as sing together online in real time.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp unity rn electron cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul></section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
