<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startorupdatechannelmediarelay">
    <title><ph keyref="startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts relaying media streams across channels or updates channels for media relay.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay(
      ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration channelMediaRelayConfiguration);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay:(AgoraChannelMediaRelayConfiguration * _Nonnull)config NS_SWIFT_NAME(startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay(const ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration &amp;configuration) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int StartOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay(const FChannelMediaRelayConfiguration&amp; configuration);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay(
    configuration: ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay(ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration configuration);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay(
    configuration: ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay(
      ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration configuration);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.2.0</dd>
            </dlentry></dl>
            <p>The first successful call to this method starts relaying media streams from the source channel to the destination channels. To relay the media stream to other channels, or exit one of the current media relays, you can call this method again to update the destination channels. This feature supports relaying media streams to a maximum of six destination channels.</p>
            <p>After a successful method call, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback, and this callback returns the state of the media stream relay. Common states are as follows:
<ul>
            <li>If the <apiname keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback returns <apiname keyref="RELAY_STATE_RUNNING"/> (2) and <apiname keyref="RELAY_OK"/> (0), it means that the SDK starts relaying media streams from the source channel to the destination channel.</li>
            <li>If the <apiname keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged"/> callback returns <apiname keyref="RELAY_STATE_FAILURE"/> (3), an exception occurs during the media stream relay.</li>
            </ul> </p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Call this method after joining the channel.</li>
            <li>This method takes effect only when you are a host in a live streaming channel.</li>
            <li>The relaying media streams across channels function needs to be enabled by contacting <xref keyref="ticket-link"/>.</li>
            <li>Agora does not support string user accounts in this API.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android">channelMediaRelayConfiguration</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">config</pt>
                <pt props="cpp unreal bp unity cs flutter rn electron">configuration</pt>
                <pd>The configuration of the media stream relay. See <xref keyref="ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native unreal bp electron unity cs rn">0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ul>
                <li>-1: A general error occurs (no specified reason).</li>
                <li>-2: The parameter is invalid.</li>
                <li>-7: The method call was rejected. It may be because the SDK has not been initialized successfully, or the user role is not a host.</li>
                <li>-8: Internal state error. Probably because the user is not a broadcaster.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
