<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startechotest2">
    <title><ph keyref="startEchoTest2" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts an audio call test.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startEchoTest2" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startEchoTest(int intervalInSeconds);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startEchoTestWithInterval:(NSInteger)interval
                  successBlock:(void(^ _Nullable)
                  (NSString * _Nonnull channel, NSUInteger uid, NSInteger elapsed))successBlock;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startEchoTest(int intervalInSeconds) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">startEchoTestWithInterval(intervalInSeconds: number): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartEchoTest(int intervalInSeconds);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">  Future&lt;void&gt; startEchoTest(
      {int? intervalInSeconds, EchoTestConfiguration? config});</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method starts an audio call test to determine whether the audio devices (for example, headset and speaker) and the network connection are working properly. To conduct the test, let the user speak for a while, and the recording is played back within the set interval. If the user can hear the recording within the interval, the audio devices and network connection are working properly.</p>
            <note type="attention">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method before joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>After calling <xref keyref="stopEchoTest" />, you must call <apiname keyref="startEchoTest2" /> to end the test. Otherwise, the app cannot perform the next echo test, and you cannot join the channel.</li>
                    <li>In the live streaming channels, only a host can call this method.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="android cpp unity flutter">intervalInSeconds</pt>
                    <pt props="ios mac">interval</pt>
                    <pd>The time interval (s) between when you speak and when the recording plays back.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="ios mac">
                    <pt>successBlock</pt>
                    <pd>The SDK triggers the successBlock callback if this method call is successful.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>