<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startlocalaudiomixer">
    <title><ph keyref="startLocalAudioMixer"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts local audio mixing.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startLocalAudioMixer"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startLocalAudioMixer(LocalAudioMixerConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startLocalAudioMixer:(AgoraLocalAudioMixerConfiguration* _Nonnull)config NS_SWIFT_NAME(startLocalAudioMixer(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startLocalAudioMixer(const LocalAudioMixerConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.5.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>This method supports merging multiple audio streams into one audio stream locally. For example, merging the audio streams captured from the local microphone, and that from the media player, the sound card, and the remote users into one audio stream, and then publish the merged audio stream to the channel.<ul>
                <li>If you want to mix the locally captured audio streams, you can set publishMixedAudioTrack in <xref keyref="ChannelMediaOptions"/> to <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>, and then publish the mixed audio stream to the channel.</li>
                <li>If you want to mix the remote audio stream, ensure that the remote audio stream has been published in the channel and you have subcribed to the audio stream that you need to mix.</li>
            </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>You can enable this function in the following scenarios:<ul>
                <li>By utilizing the local video mixing feature, the associated audio streams of the mixed video streams can be simultaneously captured and published.</li>
                <li>In live streaming scenarios, users can receive audio streams within the channel, mix multiple audio streams locally, and then forward the mixed audio stream to other channels.</li>
                <li>In online classes, teachers can mix the audio from interactions with students locally and then forward the mixed audio stream to other channels.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</p>
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>To ensure audio quality, it is recommended that the number of audio streams to be mixed does not exceed 10.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="config">
                    <pt>config</pt>
                    <pd>The configurations for mixing the lcoal audio. See <xref keyref="LocalAudioMixerConfiguration"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ul>
                    <li>-7: The <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine" /> object has not been initialized. You need to initialize the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine" /> object before calling this method.</li>
                </ul></li> </ul> </section>
        </refbody>
</reference>
