<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setaudiosessionoperationrestriction">
    <title><ph keyref="setAudioSessionOperationRestriction" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the operational permission of the SDK on the audio session.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setAudioSessionOperationRestriction" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)setAudioSessionOperationRestriction:(AgoraAudioSessionOperationRestriction)restriction NS_SWIFT_NAME(setAudioSessionOperationRestriction(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setAudioSessionOperationRestriction(AUDIO_SESSION_OPERATION_RESTRICTION restriction) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setAudioSessionOperationRestriction(restriction: AudioSessionOperationRestriction): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetAudioSessionOperationRestriction(AUDIO_SESSION_OPERATION_RESTRICTION restriction);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setAudioSessionOperationRestriction(
    restriction: AudioSessionOperationRestriction
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setAudioSessionOperationRestriction(
      AudioSessionOperationRestriction restriction);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unreal" outputclass="language-cpp" /></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>The SDK and the app can both configure the audio session by default. If you need to only use the app to configure the audio session, this method restricts the operational permission of the SDK on the audio session.</p>
            <p>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel. Once you call this method to restrict the operational permission of the SDK on the audio session, the restriction takes effect when the SDK needs to change the audio session.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li props="cpp unity flutter rn">This method is only available for iOS platforms.</li>
            <li>This method does not restrict the operational permission of the app on the audio session.</li>
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>restriction</pt>
                <pd>The operational permission of the SDK on the audio session. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_SESSION_OPERATION_RESTRICTION" />. This parameter is in bit mask format, and each bit corresponds to a permission.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="apple cpp electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>