<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_disablevideo">
    <title><ph keyref="disableVideo" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Disables the video module.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="disableVideo" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int disableVideo();</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)disableVideo;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int disableVideo() = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int DisableVideo();</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract disableVideo(): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int DisableVideo();</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract disableVideo(): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; disableVideo();</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>This method can be called before joining a channel or during a call to disable the video module. If it is called before joining a channel, an audio call starts when you join the channel; if called during a call, a video call switches to an audio call. Call <xref keyref="enableVideo" /> to enable the video module.</p>
            <p>A successful call of this method triggers the <xref keyref="onUserEnableVideo" /> (<codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>) callback on the remote client.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>This method affects the internal engine and can be called after leaving the channel.</li>
            <li>This method resets the internal engine and thus might takes some time to take effect. Agora recommends using the following APIs to control the video modules separately:
<ul>
                <li><xref keyref="enableLocalVideo" />: Whether to enable the camera to create the local video stream.</li>
                <li><xref keyref="muteLocalVideoStream" />: Whether to publish the local video stream.</li>
                <li><xref keyref="muteRemoteVideoStream" />: Whether to subscribe to and play the remote video stream.</li>
                <li><xref keyref="muteAllRemoteVideoStreams" />: Whether to subscribe to and play all remote video streams.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>