<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_updatechannelmediarelay">
    <title><ph keyref="updateChannelMediaRelay" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Updates the channels for media stream relay.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="updateChannelMediaRelay" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int updateChannelMediaRelay(
      ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration channelMediaRelayConfiguration);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)updateChannelMediaRelay:(AgoraChannelMediaRelayConfiguration * _Nonnull)config;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int updateChannelMediaRelay(const ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration &amp;configuration) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int UpdateChannelMediaRelay(const FChannelMediaRelayConfiguration&amp; configuration) __deprecated;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract updateChannelMediaRelay(
    configuration: ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int UpdateChannelMediaRelay(ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration configuration);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract updateChannelMediaRelay(
    configuration: ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; updateChannelMediaRelay(
      ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration configuration);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                <dd>This method is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="startOrUpdateChannelMediaRelay" /> instead.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p id="desc">After the media relay starts, if you want to relay the media stream to more channels, or leave the current relay channel, you can call this method.</p>
            <p>After a successful method call, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayEvent" /> callback with the <apiname keyref="RELAY_EVENT_PACKET_UPDATE_DEST_CHANNEL" /> (7) state code.</p>
            <note type="attention">Call the method after successfully calling the <xref keyref="startChannelMediaRelay" /> method and receiving <xref keyref="onChannelMediaRelayStateChanged" /><codeph>(<ph keyref="RELAY_STATE_RUNNING" />, <ph keyref="RELAY_OK" />)</codeph>; otherwise, the method call fails.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android">channelMediaRelayConfiguration</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">config</pt>
                <pt props="cpp unreal bp unity rn electron flutter cs">configuration</pt>
                <pd>The configuration of the media stream relay. See <xref keyref="ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>