<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_getextensionproperty2">
    <title><ph keyref="getExtensionProperty2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Gets detailed information on the extensions.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="getExtensionProperty2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract String getExtensionProperty(
      String provider, String extension, String key, Constants.MediaSourceType sourceType);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (NSString * _Nullable)getExtensionPropertyWithVendor:(NSString * __nonnull)provider
                                             extension:(NSString * __nonnull)extension
                                                   key:(NSString * __nonnull)key
                                            sourceType:(AgoraMediaSourceType)sourceType;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int getExtensionProperty(
      const char* provider, const char* extension,
      const char* key, char* value, int buf_len, agora::media::MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = agora::media::UNKNOWN_MEDIA_SOURCE) = 0;
</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int GetExtensionProperty(const FString&amp; provider, const FString&amp; extension,const FExtensionInfo &amp; ExtensionInfo, const FString&amp; key, FString&amp; value);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract getExtensionProperty(
    provider: string,
    extension: string,
    key: string,
    bufLen: number,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): string;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int GetExtensionProperty(string provider, string extension, string key, ref string value, int buf_len, MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE type = MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE.UNKNOWN_MEDIA_SOURCE);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract getExtensionProperty(
    provider: string,
    extension: string,
    key: string,
    bufLen: number,
    type?: MediaSourceType
  ): string;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;String> getExtensionProperty(
      {required String provider,
      required String extension,
      required String key,
      required int bufLen,
      MediaSourceType type = MediaSourceType.unknownMediaSource});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="vendor">
                <pt>provider</pt>
                <pd props="cpp unreal bp unity cs">An output parameter. The name of the extension provider.</pd>
                <pd props="android apple flutter rn electron">The name of the extension provider.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="extension">
                <pt>extension</pt>
                <pd props="cpp unreal bp unity cs">An output parameter. The name of the extension.</pd>
                <pd props="android apple flutter rn electron">The name of the extension.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="key">
                <pt>key</pt>
                <pd props="cpp unreal bp unity cs">An output parameter. The key of the extension.</pd>
                <pd props="android apple flutter rn electron">The key of the extension.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="value" props="cpp unreal bp unity cs">
                <pt>value</pt>
                <pd>An output parameter. The value of the extension key.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android apple">sourceType</pt>
                <pt props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter electron rn cs">type</pt>
                <pd>Source type of the extension. See <xref keyref="MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unreal bp electron rn unity flutter cs">
                <pt props="cpp unreal bp unity cs">buf_len</pt>
                <pt props="electron rn flutter">bufLen</pt>
                <pd>Maximum length of the JSON string indicating the extension property. The maximum value is 512 bytes.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul props="cpp unreal bp unity cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul>
            <ul props="android apple electron rn flutter">
            <li>The extension information, if the method call succeeds.</li>
            <li>An empty string, if the method call fails.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
