<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setdefaultaudioroutetospeakerphone">
    <title><ph keyref="setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the default audio playback route.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setDefaultAudioRoutetoSpeakerphone(boolean defaultToSpeaker);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">public abstract setDefaultAudioRoutetoSpeakerphone(defaultToSpeaker:boolean):number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone:(BOOL)defaultToSpeaker;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone(bool defaultToSpeaker) = 0;
</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int SetDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone(bool defaultToSpeaker);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone(
    defaultToSpeaker: boolean
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone(bool defaultToSpeaker);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone(
    defaultToSpeaker: boolean
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setDefaultAudioRouteToSpeakerphone(bool defaultToSpeaker);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <note type="attention" props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter">This method is for Android and iOS only.</note>
            <p>Most mobile phones have two audio routes: an earpiece at the top, and a speakerphone at the bottom. The earpiece plays at a lower volume, and the speakerphone at a higher volume. When setting the default audio route, you determine whether audio playback comes through the earpiece or speakerphone when no external audio device is connected.</p>
            <p>In different scenarios, the default audio routing of the system is also different. See the following:<ul id="ul_kq3_tpf_3qb">
            <li>Voice call: Earpiece.</li>
            <li>Audio broadcast: Speakerphone.</li>
            <li>Video call: Speakerphone.</li>
            <li>Video broadcast: Speakerphone.</li>
            </ul></p>
            <p>You can call this method to change the default audio route.</p>
            <note props="android hmos ios unity rn flutter">
            <p>After calling this method to set the default audio route, the actual audio route of the system will change with the connection of external audio devices (wired headphones or Bluetooth headphones). See <xref keyref="guide-audio-route"/>.</p>
            </note> </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>Call this method before joining a channel. <ph props="android cpp apple framework">如需在加入频道后切换音频路由，请调用 <xref keyref="setEnableSpeakerphone"/>。</ph></p>
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>None.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="related" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title><ph props="android cpp apple framework">Related callbacks</ph></title>
            <p props="android cpp apple framework">After successfully calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioRoutingChanged"/> callback to report the current audio route.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>defaultToSpeaker</pt>
                <pd>Whether to set the speakerphone as the default audio route:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Set the speakerphone as the default audio route.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Set the earpiece as the default audio route.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="android hmos ios cpp unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
