<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_imediarecorder_startrecording">
    <title><ph keyref="startRecording"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts recording audio and video streams.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startRecording"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public int startRecording(MediaRecorderConfiguration config)</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startRecording:(AgoraMediaRecorderConfiguration* _Nonnull)config;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startRecording(const media::MediaRecorderConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IMediaRecorder&quot;)
	int StartRecording(FMediaRecorderConfiguration&amp; config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRecording(config: MediaRecorderConfiguration): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartRecording(MediaRecorderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRecording(config: MediaRecorderConfiguration): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> startRecording(MediaRecorderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"/></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>You can call this method to enable the recording function. Agora supports recording the media streams of local and remote users at the same time.</p>
            <p>Before you call this method, ensure the following:
<ul>
            <li>The recording object is created through <xref keyref="createMediaRecorder"/>.</li>
            <li>The recording observer is registered through <xref keyref="setMediaRecorderObserver"/>.</li>
            <li>You have joined the channel which the remote user that you want to record is in.</li>
            </ul></p>
            <p>Supported formats of recording are listed as below:
<ul>
            <li>AAC-encoded audio captured by the microphone.</li>
            <li>Video captured by a camera and encoded in H.264 or H.265.</li>
            </ul></p>
            <p>Once the recording is started, if the video resolution is changed, the SDK stops the recording; if the sampling rate and audio channel changes, the SDK continues recording and generates audio files respectively.</p>
            <p>The SDK can generate a recording file only when it detects audio and video streams; when there are no audio and video streams to be recorded or the audio and video streams are interrupted for more than 5 seconds, the SDK stops the recording and triggers the <codeph><apiname keyref="onRecorderStateChanged"/>(<apiname keyref="RECORDER_STATE_ERROR"/>, <apiname keyref="RECORDER_ERROR_NO_STREAM"/>)</codeph> callback.</p>

            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>If you want to record the media streams of the local user, ensure the role of the local user is set as broadcaster.</li>
            <li>If you want to record the media streams of a remote user, ensure you have subscribed to the user&apos;s media streams before starting the recording.</li>
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>config</pt>
                <pd>The recording configuration. See <xref keyref="MediaRecorderConfiguration"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp unity rn electron cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ul>
                <li>-2: The parameter is invalid. Ensure the following:
<ul>
                    <li>The specified path of the recording file exists and is writable.</li>
                    <li>The specified format of the recording file is supported.</li>
                    <li>The maximum recording duration is correctly set.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>-4: <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> does not support the request. The recording is ongoing or the recording stops because an error occurs.</li>
                <li>-7: The method is called before <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> is initialized. Ensure the <xref keyref="IMediaRecorder"/> object is created before calling this method.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
