<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ivideodevicemanager_getcapability">
    <title><ph keyref="getCapability" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Gets the detailed video frame information of the video capture device in the specified video format.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="getCapability" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int getCapability(const char* deviceIdUTF8, const uint32_t deviceCapabilityNumber, VideoFormat&amp; capability) = 0;
</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IVideoDeviceManager&quot;)
	int GetCapability(FString deviceIdUTF8, int deviceCapabilityNumber, FVideoFormat&amp; capability);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract getCapability(
    deviceIdUTF8: string,
    deviceCapabilityNumber: number
  ): VideoFormat;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int GetCapability(string deviceIdUTF8, uint deviceCapabilityNumber, out VideoFormat capability);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract getCapability(
    deviceIdUTF8: string,
    deviceCapabilityNumber: number
  ): VideoFormat;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;VideoFormat> getCapability(
      {required String deviceIdUTF8, required int deviceCapabilityNumber});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <note type="attention" props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter">This method is for Windows and macOS only.</note>
            <p>After calling <xref keyref="numberOfCapabilities" /> to get the number of video formats supported by the video capture device, you can call this method to get the specific video frame information supported by the specified index number.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="numberOfCapabilities/id">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>deviceCapabilityNumber</pt>
                <pd>The index number of the video format. If the return value of <apiname keyref="numberOfCapabilities" /> is i, the value range of this parameter is [0,i).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unreal bp unity cs">
                <pt>capability</pt>
                <pd>An output parameter. Indicates the specific information of the specified video format, including width (px), height (px), and frame rate (fps). See <xref keyref="VideoFormat" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul props="cpp unreal bp unity cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li></ul>
            <p props="electron rn flutter">The specific information of the specified video format, including width (px), height (px), and frame rate (fps). See <xref keyref="VideoFormat" />.</p></section>
    </refbody>
</reference>