<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_playeffect2">
    <title><ph keyref="playEffect2" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Plays the specified local or online audio effect file.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="playEffect2" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
        <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc">
        <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int PlayEffect(int soundId, string filePath, int loopCount, double pitch = 1.0,
            double pan = 0.0, int gain = 100, bool publish = false);</codeblock></p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"> public abstract int playEffect(int soundId, String filePath, int loopCount, double pitch,
      double pan, double gain, boolean publish);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)playEffect:(int)soundId
         filePath:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath
        loopCount:(NSInteger)loopCount
            pitch:(double)pitch
              pan:(double)pan
             gain:(NSInteger)gain
          publish:(BOOL)publish;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int playEffect(int soundId,
    const char* filePath,
    int loopCount,
    double pitch,
    double pan,
    int gain,
    bool publish = false) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart" /> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated" props="rtc">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                    <dd>This method is deprecated as of v3.4.0. Please use <xref keyref="playEffect3" /> instead.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p id="playEffect-desc">To play multiple audio effect files at the same time, call this method multiple times with different <parmname>soundId</parmname> and <parmname>filePath</parmname>. For the best user experience, Agora recommends playing no more than three audio effect files at the same time. After the playback of an audio effect file completes, the SDK triggers the <apiname keyref="onAudioEffectFinished" /> callback.<note type="attention">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>Supported audio formats include MP3, AAC, M4A, MP4, WAV, and 3GP. See <xref keyref="filePath-link">supported audio formats</xref>.</li>
                </ul>
                </note></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry id="soundid">
                    <pt>soundId</pt>
                    <pd>The audio effect ID. The ID of each audio effect file is unique.<note type="attention">If you have preloaded an audio effect into memory by calling <xref keyref="preloadEffect" />, ensure that this parameter is set to the same value as <parmname>soundId</parmname> in <apiname keyref="preloadEffect" />.</note></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="filepath">
                    <pt>filePath</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p props="cpp">Agora supports using a URI address, an absolute path, or a path that starts with <codeph>/assets/</codeph>. For example: <codeph><ph keyref="filePath-example" /></codeph>.</p>
                        <p props="android">The absolute path or URL address (including the suffixes of the filename) of the audio effect file. You might encounter permission issues if you use an absolute path to access a local file, so Agora recommends using a URI address instead. For example: <codeph><ph keyref="filePath-example" /></codeph>.</p>
                        <note type="attention">If you have preloaded an audio effect into memory by calling <xref keyref="preloadEffect" />, ensure that this parameter is set to the same value as <parmname>filePath</parmname> in <apiname keyref="preloadEffect" />.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="loopcount">
                    <pt>loopCount</pt>
                    <pd><p>The number of times the audio effect loops:<ul>
                                <li>≥ 0: The number of playback times. For example, 1 means loop one time, which means play the audio effect two times in total.</li>
                                <li>-1: Play the audio effect in an infinite loop.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="pitch">
                    <pt>pitch</pt>
                    <pd>The pitch of the audio effect. The value range is 0.5 to 2.0. The default value is 1.0, which means the original pitch. The smaller the value, the lower the pitch.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="pan">
                    <pt>pan</pt>
                    <pd><p>The spatial position of the audio effect. The value ranges between -1.0 and 1.0, where:<ul>
                                <li>-1.0: The audio effect displays to the left.</li>
                                <li>0.0: The audio effect displays ahead.</li>
                                <li>1.0: The audio effect displays to the right.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="gain">
                    <pt>gain</pt>
                    <pd>The volume of the audio effect. The value range is 0.0 to 100.0. The default value is 100.0, which means the original volume. The smaller the value, the lower the volume.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="publish">
                    <pt>publish</pt>
                    <pd><p>Whether to publish the audio effect to the remote users.<ul>
                                <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the audio effect to the remote users. Both the local user and remote users can hear the audio effect.</li>
                                <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not publish the audio effect to the remote users. Only the local user can hear the audio effect.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>