<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_imediaplayer_registeraudioframeobserver2">
    <title><ph keyref="registerAudioFrameObserver2_IMediaPlayer"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Registers an audio frame observer object.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="registerAudioFrameObserver2_IMediaPlayer"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">int registerAudioFrameObserver(IMediaPlayerAudioFrameObserver audioFrameObserver, int mode);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int registerAudioFrameObserver(media::IAudioPcmFrameSink* observer,
                                         RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE mode) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IMediaPlayer&quot;)
	int RegisterAudioFrameObserver(UIAudioPcmFrameSink* observer, ERAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE mode = ERAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE::RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_READ_ONLY);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract registerAudioFrameObserver(
    observer: IAudioPcmFrameSink,
    mode?: RawAudioFrameOpModeType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int RegisterAudioFrameObserver(IAudioPcmFrameSink observer, RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE mode);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract registerAudioFrameObserver(
    observer: IAudioPcmFrameSink,
    mode?: RawAudioFrameOpModeType
  ): number;</codeblock>
           <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">void registerAudioFrameObserver(
      {required AudioPcmFrameSink observer,
      RawAudioFrameOpModeType mode =
          RawAudioFrameOpModeType.rawAudioFrameOpModeReadOnly});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android">audioFrameObserver</pt>
                <pt props="cpp unreal bp unity cs electron rn flutter">observer</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="android">The audio frame observer, reporting the reception of each audio frame. See <xref keyref="IMediaPlayerAudioFrameObserver"/>.</p>
                    <p props="cpp unreal bp electron unity cs rn flutter">The audio frame observer, reporting the reception of each audio frame. See <xref keyref="IAudioPcmFrameSink"/>.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>mode</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="cpp unreal bp electron unity cs rn flutter">The use mode of the audio frame. See <xref keyref="RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE"/>.</p>
                    <p props="android" id="mode">The use mode of the audio frame:
<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_READ_ONLY"/> (0): (Default) Read only mode. For example, when users acquire the data with the Agora SDK, then push the RTMP or RTMPS streams.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_READ_WRITE"/> (2): Read and write mode: Users read the data from AudioFrame, modify it, and then play it. For example, when users have their own audio-effect processing module and perform some voice pre-processing, such as a voice change.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul id="ul_uns_l2y_hqb" props="native unreal bp electron unity cs rn">
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
