<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_startscreencapture2">
    <title><ph keyref="startScreenCapture2" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts screen capture.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startScreenCapture2" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">
- (int)startScreenCapture:(AgoraVideoSourceType)sourceType config:(AgoraScreenCaptureConfiguration * _Nullable)config NS_SWIFT_NAME(startScreenCapture(_:config:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startScreenCapture(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType, const ScreenCaptureConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int StartScreenCaptureBySourceType(EVIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType, const FScreenCaptureConfiguration&amp; config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startScreenCaptureBySourceType(
    sourceType: VideoSourceType,
    config: ScreenCaptureConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartScreenCapture(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType, ScreenCaptureConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> startScreenCaptureBySourceType(
      {required VideoSourceType sourceType,
      required ScreenCaptureConfiguration config});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.2.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p><ph props="mac electron cs">
This method, as well as <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/> and <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/>, all have the capability to start screen capture, with the following differences:
</ph><ph props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter">                This method, as well as <xref keyref="startScreenCapture"/>, <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/>, and <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/>, all have the capability to start screen capture, with the following differences:
</ph><ul>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter"><apiname keyref="startScreenCapture"/> only applies to Android and iOS, whereas this method only applies to Windows and iOS.</li>
                    <li><apiname keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/> and <apiname keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/> only support capturing video from a single screen or window. By calling this method and specifying the <parmname>sourceType</parmname> parameter, you can capture multiple video streams used for local video mixing or multi-channel publishing.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <note type="attention"><ul>
            <li props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter">This method applies to the macOS and Windows only.</li>
            <li>If you call this method to start screen capture, Agora recommends that you call <xref keyref="stopScreenCapture2"/> to stop the capture and avoid using <xref keyref="stopScreenCapture"/>.</li></ul></note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>sourceType</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The type of the video source. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</p>
                    <note><ul>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp flutter unity cs electron">Windows supports up to four screen capture video streams.</li>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp mac flutter unity electron">macOS supports only one screen capture video stream. You can only set this parameter to <codeph><apiname keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_SCREEN"/>(2)</codeph>.</li></ul></note>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>config</pt>
                <pd>The configuration of the captured screen. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureConfiguration" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
