<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_iaudiodevicemanager_startrecordingdevicetest">
    <title><ph keyref="startRecordingDeviceTest"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts the audio capturing device test.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startRecordingDeviceTest"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startRecordingDeviceTest(int indicationInterval);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startRecordingDeviceTest:(int)indicationInterval;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startRecordingDeviceTest(int indicationInterval) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IAudioDeviceManager&quot;)
	int StartRecordingDeviceTest(int indicationInterval);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRecordingDeviceTest(indicationInterval: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartRecordingDeviceTest(int indicationInterval);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract startRecordingDeviceTest(indicationInterval: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> startRecordingDeviceTest(int indicationInterval);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>This method tests whether the audio capturing device works properly. After calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback at the time interval set in this method, which reports <parmname>uid</parmname> = 0 and the volume information of the capturing device.</p>
            <p>The difference between this method and the <xref keyref="startEchoTest3"/> method is that the former checks if the local audio capturing device is working properly, while the latter can check the audio and video devices and network conditions.</p>
            <note type="note">Ensure that you call this method before joining a channel. After the test is completed, ensure  you call <xref keyref="stopRecordingDeviceTest"/> to stop the test before joining a channel.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>indicationInterval</pt>
                <pd>The interval (ms) for triggering the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback. This value should be set to greater than 10, otherwise, you will not receive the <apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback and the SDK returns the error code <codeph>-2</codeph>. Agora recommends that you set this value to 100.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native unreal bp electron unity cs">0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph><ul>
                <li>-2: Invalid parameters. Check your parameter settings.</li>
            </ul></li></ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
