<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setlocalvoiceequalization">
    <title><ph keyref="setLocalVoiceEqualization" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the local voice equalization effect.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setLocalVoiceEqualization" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setLocalVoiceEqualization(
      Constants.AUDIO_EQUALIZATION_BAND_FREQUENCY bandFrequency, int bandGain);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setLocalVoiceEqualizationOfBandFrequency:(AgoraAudioEqualizationBandFrequency)bandFrequency
                    withGain:(NSInteger)gain;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setLocalVoiceEqualization(AUDIO_EQUALIZATION_BAND_FREQUENCY bandFrequency, int bandGain) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setLocalVoiceEqualization(
    bandFrequency: AudioEqualizationBandFrequency,
    bandGain: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetLocalVoiceEqualization(AUDIO_EQUALIZATION_BAND_FREQUENCY bandFrequency, int bandGain);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setLocalVoiceEqualization(
    bandFrequency: AudioEqualizationBandFrequency,
    bandGain: number
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setLocalVoiceEqualization(
  {required AudioEqualizationBandFrequency bandFrequency,
  required int bandGain});</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <note type="attention">You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>bandFrequency</pt>
                <pd>The band frequency. The value ranges between 0 and 9; representing the respective 10-band center frequencies of the voice effects, including 31, 62, 125, 250, 500, 1k, 2k, 4k, 8k, and 16k Hz. For more details, see <xref keyref="AUDIO_EQUALIZATION_BAND_FREQUENCY" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android cpp unity flutter rn electron">bandGain</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">gain</pt>
                <pd>The gain of each band in dB. The value ranges between -15 and 15. The default value is 0.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>