<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_registermediametadataobserver">
    <title><ph keyref="registerMediaMetadataObserver" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Registers the metadata observer.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="registerMediaMetadataObserver" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int registerMediaMetadataObserver(IMetadataObserver observer, int type);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (BOOL)setMediaMetadataDelegate:(id&lt;AgoraMediaMetadataDelegate&gt; _Nullable)metadataDelegate withType:(AgoraMetadataType)type;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int registerMediaMetadataObserver(IMetadataObserver *observer, IMetadataObserver::METADATA_TYPE type) = 0;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract registerMediaMetadataObserver(observer: IMetadataObserver, type: MetadataType): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract void RegisterMediaMetadataObserver(IMetadataObserver observer, METADATA_TYPE type);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract registerMediaMetadataObserver(
    observer: IMetadataObserver,
    type: MetadataType
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">void unregisterMediaMetadataObserver(
    {required MetadataObserver observer, required MetadataType type});</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>You need to implement the <xref keyref="IMetadataObserver" /> class and specify the metadata type in this method. This method enables you to add synchronized metadata in the video stream for more diversified
 live interactive streaming, such as sending shopping links, digital coupons, and online quizzes.</p>
            <p props="native flutter unity">A successful call of this method triggers the <xref keyref="getMaxMetadataSize" /> callback.</p>
            <note type="attention">Call this method before <apiname keyref="joinChannel2" />.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>observer</pt>
                <pd>The metadata observer. See <xref keyref="IMetadataObserver" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="metadatatype">
                <pt>type</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The metadata type. The SDK currently only supports <apiname keyref="VIDEO_METADATA" />. See <ph props="ios mac cpp unity rn electron"><xref keyref="METADATA_TYPE" /></ph>.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>