<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_setvideoencoderconfigurationex">
    <title><ph keyref="setVideoEncoderConfigurationEx" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the video encoder configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setVideoEncoderConfigurationEx" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setVideoEncoderConfigurationEx(
      VideoEncoderConfiguration config, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setVideoEncoderConfigurationEx:(AgoraVideoEncoderConfiguration* _Nonnull)config
                           connection:(AgoraRtcConnection * _Nonnull)connection;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setVideoEncoderConfigurationEx(const VideoEncoderConfiguration&amp; config, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int SetVideoEncoderConfigurationEx(const FVideoEncoderConfiguration&amp; config, const FRtcConnection&amp; connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVideoEncoderConfigurationEx(
    config: VideoEncoderConfiguration,
    connection: RtcConnection
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetVideoEncoderConfigurationEx(VideoEncoderConfiguration config, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVideoEncoderConfigurationEx(
    config: VideoEncoderConfiguration,
    connection: RtcConnection
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setVideoEncoderConfigurationEx(
      {required VideoEncoderConfiguration config,
      required RtcConnection connection});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p id="desc" conkeyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration/desc"/>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p>Call this method<xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/> after .</p>
       
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>The <parmname>config</parmname> specified in this method is the maximum value under ideal network conditions. If the video engine cannot render the video using the specified <parmname>config</parmname> due to unreliable network conditions, the parameters further down the list are considered until a successful configuration is found.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>config</pt>
                <pd>Video profile. See <xref keyref="VideoEncoderConfiguration" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp unity rn electron cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>