<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ibasespatialaudioengine_setmaxaudiorecvcount">
    <title><ph keyref="setMaxAudioRecvCount" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the maximum number of streams that a user can receive in a specified audio reception range.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setMaxAudioRecvCount" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setMaxAudioRecvCount(int maxCount);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setMaxAudioRecvCount:(NSUInteger)maxCount;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setMaxAudioRecvCount(int maxCount) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|ILocalSpatialAudioEngine&quot;)
	int SetMaxAudioRecvCount(int maxCount);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setMaxAudioRecvCount(maxCount: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetMaxAudioRecvCount(int maxCount);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setMaxAudioRecvCount(maxCount: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setMaxAudioRecvCount(int maxCount);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p>If the number of receivable streams exceeds the set value, the local user receives the <parmname>maxCount</parmname> streams that are closest to the local user.</p>
            <note type="note" props="hide"><draft-comment author="LuoDan">因为服务端空间音效不发布，所以不能体现 enterRoom。</draft-comment>You can call this method either before or after <xref keyref="enterRoom" />, with the following differences:<ul>
                <li>If you call this method before <apiname keyref="enterRoom" />, this method takes effect when entering the room.</li>
                <li>If you call this method after <apiname keyref="enterRoom" />, this method takes effect immediately and changes the current maximum number of received streams of the local user.</li>
                </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>maxCount</pt>
                <pd>The maximum number of streams that a user can receive within a specified audio reception range. The value of this parameter should be ≤ 16, and the default value is 10.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown; and you need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>