<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_isfeatureavailableondevice">
    <title><ph keyref="isFeatureAvailableOnDevice"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Checks whether the device supports the specified advanced feature.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="isFeatureAvailableOnDevice"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract boolean isFeatureAvailableOnDevice(int type);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (BOOL)isFeatureAvailableOnDevice:(AgoraFeatureType)type;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual bool isFeatureAvailableOnDevice(FeatureType type) = 0;</codeblock>
           <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	bool IsFeatureAvailableOnDevice(EFeatureType type);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract bool IsFeatureAvailableOnDevice(FeatureType type);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract isFeatureAvailableOnDevice(type: FeatureType): boolean;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;bool&gt; isFeatureAvailableOnDevice(FeatureType type);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.2.3</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>Checks whether the capabilities of the current device meet the requirements for advanced features such as virtual background and image enhancement.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>Before using advanced features, you can check whether the current device supports these features based on the call result. This helps to avoid performance degradation or unavailable features when enabling advanced features on low-end devices. Based on the return value of this method, you can decide whether to display or enable the corresponding feature button, or notify the user when the device's capabilities are insufficient.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>type</pt>
                <pd props="cpp apple framework">The type of the advanced feature, see <xref keyref="FeatureType"/>.</pd>
                <pd props="android hmos">
                    <p>The type of the advanced feature.<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="VIDEO_VIRTUAL_BACKGROUND" />(1): Virutual background.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="VIDEO_BEAUTY_EFFECT" />(2): Image enhancement.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: The current device supports the specified feature.</li>
            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: The current device does not support the specified feature.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
