<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_addpublishstreamurl">
    <title> <ph keyref="addPublishStreamUrl" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Publishes the local stream to a specified CDN live streaming URL.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="addPublishStreamUrl" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int addPublishStreamUrl(String url, boolean transcodingEnabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)addPublishStreamUrl:(NSString* _Nonnull)url transcodingEnabled:(BOOL)transcodingEnabled;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int addPublishStreamUrl(const char* url, bool transcodingEnabled) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract addPublishStreamUrl(url: string, transcodingEnabled: boolean): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int AddPublishStreamUrl(string url, bool transcodingEnabled);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract addPublishStreamUrl(
    url: string,
    transcodingEnabled: boolean
  ): number;</codeblock>
  <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> addPublishStreamUrl(
    {required String url, required bool transcodingEnabled});</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                <dd>This method is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding" /> or <xref keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding" /> instead according to your needs.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>After calling this method, you can push media streams in RTMP or RTMPS protocol to the CDN. The SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged" /> callback on the local client to report the state of adding a local stream to the CDN.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
            <ul>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li><ph>Ensure that the Media Push function is enabled. </ph><ph props="rtc">For details, see the prerequisites in <xref keyref="guide-cdn-streaming">Media Push</xref></ph>.</li>
            <li>This method takes effect only when you are a host in live interactive streaming.</li>
            <li>This method adds only one streaming URL to the CDN each time it is called. To push multiple URLs, call this method multiple times.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="url">
                <pt>url</pt>
                <pd>The Media Push URL in the RTMP or RTMPS format. The maximum length of this parameter is 1024 bytes. The URL address must not contain special characters, such as Chinese language characters.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="transcoding">
                <pt>transcodingEnabled</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p id="transcoding-desc">Whether to enable transcoding. <xref keyref="term-transocding">Transcoding</xref> in a CDN live streaming converts the audio and video streams before pushing them to the CDN server. It applies to scenarios where a channel has multiple broadcasters and composite layout is needed.<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable transcoding.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Disable transcoding.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                    <note type="attention">If you set this parameter as <codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>, ensurethat you call the <xref keyref="setLiveTranscoding" /> method before calling this method.</note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity rn">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>
                    &lt; 0: Failure.<ul>
                <li>-2: Invalid parameter, usually an empty URL or a string with a length of 0.</li>
                <li>-7: The engine is not initialized when streaming.</li>
                </ul> </li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>