<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setvideoencoderconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the video encoder configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setVideoEncoderConfiguration(VideoEncoderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">public abstract setVideoEncoderConfiguration(configuration: VideoEncoderConfiguration): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setVideoEncoderConfiguration:(AgoraVideoEncoderConfiguration * _Nonnull)config;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setVideoEncoderConfiguration(const VideoEncoderConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int SetVideoEncoderConfiguration(const FVideoEncoderConfiguration&amp; config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVideoEncoderConfiguration(
    config: VideoEncoderConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetVideoEncoderConfiguration(VideoEncoderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setVideoEncoderConfiguration(
    config: VideoEncoderConfiguration
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setVideoEncoderConfiguration(VideoEncoderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"/></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p id="desc">Sets the encoder configuration for the local video. Each configuration profile corresponds to a set of video parameters, including the resolution, frame rate, and bitrate.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Call timing</title>
            <p props="native unreal bp electron unity flutter cs">You can call this method either before or after joining a channel. If the user does not need to reset the video encoding properties after joining the channel, Agora recommends calling this method before <xref keyref="enableVideo"/> to reduce the time to render the first video frame.</p>
            <p props="rn">Call this method before joining a channel. Agora recommends calling this method before <xref keyref="enableVideo"/> to reduce the time to render the first video frame.</p>
       
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <ul>
                <li props="native unreal bp">Both this method and the <xref keyref="getMirrorApplied"/> method support setting the mirroring effect. Agora recommends that you only choose one method to set it up. Using both methods at the same time causes the mirroring effect to overlap, and the mirroring settings fail.</li>
                <li>The <parmname>config</parmname> specified in this method is the maximum value under ideal network conditions. If the video engine cannot render the video using the specified <parmname>config</parmname> due to unreliable network conditions, the parameters further down the list are considered until a successful configuration is found.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="config">
                <pt>config</pt>
                <pd>Video profile. See <xref keyref="VideoEncoderConfiguration"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
