<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengine_setcamerazoomfactor">
    <title><ph keyref="setCameraZoomFactor" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the camera zoom factor.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setCameraZoomFactor" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setCameraZoomFactor(float factor);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">public abstract setCameraZoomFactor(factor:number):number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (CGFloat)setCameraZoomFactor:(CGFloat)zoomFactor;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setCameraZoomFactor(float factor) = 0;
</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|IRtcEngine&quot;)
	int SetCameraZoomFactor(float factor);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setCameraZoomFactor(factor: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetCameraZoomFactor(float factor);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract setCameraZoomFactor(factor: number): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setCameraZoomFactor(double factor);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p props="ios cpp unreal bp flutter unity rn">For iOS devices equipped with multi-lens rear cameras, such as those featuring dual-camera (wide-angle and ultra-wide-angle) or triple-camera (wide-angle, ultra-wide-angle, and telephoto), you can call <xref keyref="setCameraCapturerConfiguration"/> first to set the <parmname>cameraFocalLengthType</parmname> as <apiname keyref="CAMERA_FOCAL_LENGTH_DEFAULT"/> (0) (standard lens). Then, adjust the camera zoom factor to a value less than 1.0. This configuration allows you to capture video with an ultra-wide-angle perspective.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li props="cpp unreal bp unity flutter cs">This method is for Android and iOS only.</li>
            <li conkeyref="setCameraExposureFactor/sequence" />
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android hmos cpp framework">factor</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">zoomFactor</pt>
                <pd>The camera zoom factor. For devices that do not support ultra-wide-angle, the value ranges from 1.0 to the maximum zoom factor; for devices that support ultra-wide-angle, the value ranges from 0.5 to the maximum zoom factor. You can get the maximum zoom factor supported by the device by calling the <xref keyref="getCameraMaxZoomFactor"/> method.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul>
            <li props="native unreal bp unity rn electron cs">The camera zoom <parmname>factor</parmname> value, if successful.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: if the method if failed.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>