<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startechotest3">
    <title><ph keyref="startEchoTest3"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts an audio device loopback test.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startEchoTest3"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startEchoTest(EchoTestConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startEchoTestWithConfig:(AgoraEchoTestConfiguration* _Nonnull)config;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startEchoTest(const EchoTestConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>Before joining a channel, to test whether the user's local sending and receiving streams are normal, you can call this method to perform an audio and video call loop test, which tests whether the audio and video devices and the user's upstream and downstream networks are working properly.</p>
            <p>After starting the test, the user needs to make a sound or face the camera. The audio or video is output after about two seconds. If the audio playback is normal, the audio device and the user's upstream and downstream networks are working properly; if the video playback is normal, the video device and the user's upstream and downstream networks are working properly.<note id="note_ygl_znn_5sb">
            <ul id="ul_gyv_znn_5sb">
            <li>Call this method before joining a channel.</li>
            <li>After calling this method, call <xref keyref="stopEchoTest"/> to end the test; otherwise, the user cannot perform the next audio and video call loop test and cannot join the channel.</li>
            <li>In live streaming scenarios, this method only applies to hosts.</li>
            </ul> </note></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>config</pt>
                <pd>The configuration of the audio and video call loop test. See <xref keyref="EchoTestConfiguration"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul id="ul_pqc_k4n_5sb">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
