<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_irtcengineex_takesnapshotex">
    <title><ph keyref="takeSnapshotEx"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Takes a snapshot of a video stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="takeSnapshotEx"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int takeSnapshotEx(RtcConnection connection, int uid, String filePath);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (NSInteger)takeSnapshotEx:(AgoraRtcConnection * _Nonnull)connection uid:(NSInteger)uid filePath:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int takeSnapshotEx(const RtcConnection&amp; connection, uid_t uid, const char* filePath)  = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintCallable, Category = &quot;Agora|RtcEngineProxy&quot;)
	int TakeSnapshotEx(const FRtcConnection&amp; connection, int64 uid, FString filePath);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract takeSnapshotEx(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    uid: number,
    filePath: string
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int TakeSnapshotEx(RtcConnection connection, uint uid, string filePath);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract takeSnapshotEx(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    uid: number,
    filePath: string
  ): number;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> takeSnapshotEx(
      {required RtcConnection connection,
      required int uid,
      required String filePath});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <p conkeyref="takeSnapshot/desc1"/>
            <p conkeyref="takeSnapshot/desc2" props="native unreal bp unity electron flutter cs"/>
            <p props="rn">The SDK has not taken the snapshot when the method call returns. After a successful method call, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onSnapshotTaken" /> callback to report whether the snapshot is successfully taken, as well as the details for that snapshot.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Call this method after the <xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/> method.</li>
            <li>When used for local video snapshots, this method takes a snapshot for the video streams specified in <xref keyref="ChannelMediaOptions"/>.</li>
            <li>If the user's video has been preprocessed, for example, watermarked or beautified, the resulting snapshot includes the pre-processing effect.</li>
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="takeSnapshot/uid">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="takeSnapshot/filepath">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">When the method call succeeds, there is no return value; when fails, the <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> exception is thrown. You need to catch the exception and handle it accordingly. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></p>
            <ul props="native unreal bp electron unity rn cs">
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="error-code-link"/> for details and resolution suggestions.</ph></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
