<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_imusiccontentcenter_getmusiccollectionbymusicchartid">
    <title><ph keyref="getMusicCollectionByMusicChartId" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Gets the music list of a specified music chart through a music chart ID.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="getMusicCollectionByMusicChartId" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public String getMusicCollectionByMusicChartId(int musicChartId, int page, int pageSize) {
    return getMusicCollectionByMusicChartId(musicChartId, page, pageSize, null);
  }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (NSString *)getMusicCollectionWithMusicChartId:(NSInteger)musicChartId page:(NSInteger)page pageSize:(NSInteger)pageSize jsonOption:(NSString * _Nullable)jsonOption NS_SWIFT_NAME(getMusicCollection(musicChartId:page:pageSize:jsonOption:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int getMusicCollectionByMusicChartId(agora::util::AString&amp; requestId, int32_t musicChartId, int32_t page, int32_t pageSize, const char* jsonOption = nullptr) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp" />
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract getMusicCollectionByMusicChartId(
    musicChartId: number,
    page: number,
    pageSize: number,
    jsonOption?: string
  ): string;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int GetMusicCollectionByMusicChartId(ref string requestId, int musicChartType, int page, int pageSize, string jsonOption = "");</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">abstract getMusicCollectionByMusicChartId(
    musicChartId: number,
    page: number,
    pageSize: number,
    jsonOption?: string
  ): string;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;String&gt; getMusicCollectionByMusicChartId(
      {required int musicChartId,
      required int page,
      required int pageSize,
      String? jsonOption});</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp" /></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.1.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p id="desc">After call this method successfully, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onMusicCollectionResult" /> callback to report the detailed information of music lists.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="cpp unity" conkeyref="onMusicChartsResult/id">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="chartid">
                <pt props="native rn flutter electron">musicChartId</pt>
                <pt props="unity">musicChartType</pt>
                <pd>The ID of a music chart, which can be obtained from the <xref keyref="onMusicChartsResult" />  callback. You can also through the corresponding RESTful APIs<xref keyref="song-lists" /><xref keyref="new-songs" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="page">
                <pt>page</pt>
                <pd>当前页面编号，默认从 1 开始。</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="size">
                <pt>pageSize</pt>
                <pd>当前音乐资源列表的总页面数量，最大值为 50。</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="apple cpp electron unity rn flutter">
                <pt>jsonOption</pt>
                <pd>The json field. The default value is <ph keyref="NULL" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section>
        <title>Returns</title>
            <ul props="cpp unity">
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
            <p props="android apple rn electron flutter" id="request">A <parmname>requestId</parmname>, which is a unique identifier of this request.</p>
    </section></refbody>
</reference>