<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onclientrolechangefailed">
    <title><ph keyref="onClientRoleChangeFailed" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when switching a user role fails.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onClientRoleChangeFailed" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onClientRoleChangeFailed(int reason, int currentRole) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">onClientRoleChangeFailed?: (reason:number, currentRole:Constants.ClientRole) =&gt; void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine didClientRoleChangeFailed:(AgoraClientRoleChangeFailedReason)reason currentRole:(AgoraClientRole)currentRole;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onClientRoleChangeFailed(CLIENT_ROLE_CHANGE_FAILED_REASON reason, CLIENT_ROLE_TYPE currentRole) {
   (void)reason;
   (void)currentRole;
}</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">DECLARE_DYNAMIC_MULTICAST_DELEGATE_TwoParams(FOnClientRoleChangeFailed, ECLIENT_ROLE_CHANGE_FAILED_REASON, reason, ECLIENT_ROLE_TYPE, currentRole);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">  onClientRoleChangeFailed?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    reason: ClientRoleChangeFailedReason,
    currentRole: ClientRoleType
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnClientRoleChangeFailed(RtcConnection connection, CLIENT_ROLE_CHANGE_FAILED_REASON reason, CLIENT_ROLE_TYPE currentRole) { }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">  onClientRoleChangeFailed?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    reason: ClientRoleChangeFailedReason,
    currentRole: ClientRoleType
  ): void;</codeblock>
        <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(
            RtcConnection connection,
            ClientRoleChangeFailedReason reason,
            ClientRoleType currentRole)? onClientRoleChangeFailed;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
      </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p>This callback informs you about the reason for failing to switching and your current user role.</p>
        </section>
            <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
                <title>Trigger timing</title>
                <p props="native unity cs unreal">The SDK triggers this callback when the local user calls <xref keyref="setClientRole1"/> or <xref keyref="setClientRole2" /> after joining a channel to switch the user role but the switching fails.</p>
                <p props="flutter rn electron bp">The SDK triggers this callback when the local user calls <xref keyref="setClientRole2" /> after joining a channel to switch the user role but the switching fails.</p>
            </section>
            <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
                <title>Restrictions</title>
                <p>None.</p>
            </section>
            <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>reason</pt>
                <pd props="ios mac cpp unreal bp unity electron rn flutter cs">The reason for a user role switch failure. See <xref keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_CHANGE_FAILED_REASON"/>. </pd>
                <pd props="android hmos">The reason for a user role switch failure.<ul>
                        <li><ph keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_CHANGE_FAILED_TOO_MANY_BROADCASTERS" />(1): The number of hosts in the channel is already at the upper limit.<note type="note">This enumerator is reported only when the support for 128 users is enabled. The maximum number of hosts is based on the actual number of hosts configured when you enable the 128-user feature.</note></li>
                        <li><ph keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_CHANGE_FAILED_NOT_AUTHORIZED" />(2): The request is rejected by the Agora server. Agora recommends you prompt the user to try to switch their user role again.</li>
                        <li><ph keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_CHANGE_FAILED_REQUEST_TIME_OUT" />(3): （已废弃）请求超时。 Agora recommends you prompt the user to check the network connection and try to switch their user role again.</li>
                        <li><ph keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_CHANGE_FAILED_CONNECTION_FAILED" />(4): （已废弃）网络连接断开。 You can use <parmname>reason</parmname> reported in the <xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged" /> callback to troubleshoot the failure.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>currentRole</pt>
                <pd props="ios mac cpp unreal bp electron unity rn flutter cs">Current user role. See <xref keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_TYPE"/>. </pd>
                <pd props="android hmos">Current user role.<ul>
                        <li><ph keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_BROADCASTER" />(1): Host. A host can both send and receive streams.</li>
                        <li><ph keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_AUDIENCE" />(2): Audience. An audience member can only receive streams.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection" props="unity electron rn flutter cs">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>