<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onlocalvideostatechanged">
    <title> <ph keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the local video stream state changes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onLocalVideoStateChanged(Constants.VideoSourceType source, int state, int reason) {}
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">onLocalVideoStateChanged?:(source: Constants.VideoSourceType, state:Constants.LocalVideoStreamState,error:Constants.LocalVideoStreamReason) =&gt; void</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine localVideoStateChangedOfState:(AgoraVideoLocalState)state reason:(AgoraLocalVideoStreamReason)reason sourceType:(AgoraVideoSourceType)sourceType NS_SWIFT_NAME(rtcEngine(_:localVideoStateChangedOf:reason:sourceType:));
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">  virtual void onLocalVideoStateChanged(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE source, LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE state, LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON reason) {
    (void)source;
    (void)state;
    (void)reason;
  }</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintNativeEvent, Category = &quot;Agora|Event&quot;)
	void OnLocalVideoStateChanged(EVIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE source, ELOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE state, ELOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON reason);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onLocalVideoStateChanged?(
    source: VideoSourceType,
    state: LocalVideoStreamState,
    reason: LocalVideoStreamReason
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnLocalVideoStateChanged(VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE source, LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE state, LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON reason)</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onLocalVideoStateChanged?(
    source: VideoSourceType,
    state: LocalVideoStreamState,
    reason: LocalVideoStreamReason
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(VideoSourceType source, LocalVideoStreamState state,
    LocalVideoStreamReason reason)? onLocalVideoStateChanged;;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p id="desc1">When the status of the local video changes, the SDK triggers this callback to report the current local video state and the reason for the state change.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="scenario" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Applicable scenarios</title>
            <p>You can use this callback to stay updated on the state changes of the local video stream, and take corresponding measures based on the reasons for the state changes, to better manage and debug issues related to the video stream.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Trigger timing</title>
            <ul><li>The SDK triggeres this callback under the following circumstances, with the <parmname>state</parmname> as <ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_FAILED"/>, and the <parmname>reason</parmname> as <codeph><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CAPTURE_FAILURE"/></codeph>:<ul>
                    <li props="cpp apple framework">The app switches to the background, and the system revokes the camera resource.</li>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp android unity flutter rn">For Android 9 and later versions, after an app is in the background for a period, the system automatically revokes camera permissions.</li>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp android unity flutter rn">For Android 6 and later versions, if the camera is held by a third-party app for a certain duration and then released, the SDK triggers this callback and reports the <apiname keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged"/>(<codeph><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING"/>,<ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_OK"/></codeph>) callback.</li>
                    <li>The camera starts normally, but does not output video frames for four consecutive seconds.</li></ul></li>
                <li>When the camera outputs captured video frames, if the SDK detects 15 consecutive duplicate video frames, it triggers this callback, with the <parmname>state</parmname> as <apiname keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING"/> and the <parmname>reason</parmname> as <apiname keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CAPTURE_FAILURE"/>.<note>Note that the video frame duplication detection is only available for video frames with a resolution greater than 200 × 200, a frame rate greater than or equal to 10 fps, and a bitrate less than 20 Kbps.</note></li></ul>
        </section>        
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>For some device models, the SDK does not trigger this callback when the state of the local video changes while the local video capturing device is in use, so you have to make your own timeout judgment.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="source">
                <pt props="apple">sourceType</pt>
                <pt props="android hmos cpp unreal bp rn electron flutter unity cs">source</pt>
                <pd>The type of the video source. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>state</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="hmos ios mac cpp unreal bp unity electron rn flutter cs">The state of the local video, see <xref keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE"/>.</p>
                    <p props="android">
                    <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_STOPPED"/>(0): The local video is in the initial state.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_CAPTURING"/>(1): The local video capturing device starts successfully.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_ENCODING"/>(2): The first video frame is successfully encoded.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_STATE_FAILED"/>(3): Fails to start the local video.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>reason</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="hmos ios mac cpp unreal bp electron rn flutter unity cs">The reasons for changes in local video state. See <xref keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON"/>.</p>
                    <p props="android">
                    <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_OK"/> (0): The local video is normal.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_FAILURE"/> (1): No specified reason for the local video failure.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_BUSY"/> (3): The local video capturing device is in use. Prompt the user to check if the camera is being used by another app, or try to rejoin the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CAPTURE_FAILURE"/> (4): The local video capture failed. Prompt the user to check whether the video capture device is working properly, whether the camera is used by another app, or try to rejoin the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_CODEC_NOT_SUPPORT"/> (5): The local video encoding fails.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_NOT_FOUND"/> (8): Fails to find a local video capture device. Remind the user to check whether the camera is connected to the device properly or the camera is working properly, and then to rejoin the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_INTERRUPT"/> (14): Video capture is interrupted. Possible reasons include the following:<ul>
                        <li>The camera is being used by another app. Prompt the user to check if the camera is being used by another app.</li>
                        <li>The device is locked, or the current app has been switched to the background. You can use foreground services to notify the operating system and ensure that the app can still collect video when it switches to the background. <ph props="cn">See <xref keyref="android-background"/>.</ph></li>
                    </ul></li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_DEVICE_FATAL_ERROR"/> (15): The video capture device encounters an error. Prompt the user to close and restart the camera to restore functionality. If this operation does not solve the problem, check if the camera has a hardware failure.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_REASON_SCREEN_CAPTURE_FAILURE"/>(21): The current window being captured has no data.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
