<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onuseroffline">
    <title> <ph keyref="onUserOffline" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when a remote user (in the communication profile)/ host (in the live streaming profile) leaves the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onUserOffline" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onUserOffline(int uid, int reason) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">onUserOffline?:(uid:number, reason:number) =&gt; void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
    didOfflineOfUid:(NSUInteger)uid
    reason:(AgoraUserOfflineReason)reason;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onUserOffline(uid_t uid, USER_OFFLINE_REASON_TYPE reason) {
    (void)uid;
    (void)reason;
    }</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">DECLARE_DYNAMIC_MULTICAST_DELEGATE_TwoParams(FOnUserOffline, int64, uid, EUSER_OFFLINE_REASON_TYPE, reason);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">  onUserOffline?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    remoteUid: number,
    reason: UserOfflineReasonType
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnUserOffline(RtcConnection connection, uint remoteUid, USER_OFFLINE_REASON_TYPE reason) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">  onUserOffline?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    remoteUid: number,
    reason: UserOfflineReasonType
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, int remoteUid,
      UserOfflineReasonType reason)? onUserOffline;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <p id="desc">There are generally two reasons for users to become offline:<ul>
                <li>Leave the channel :When a user/host leaves the channel, the user/host sends a goodbye message.</li>
                <li>Drop offline: When no data packet of the user or host is received for a certain period of time (20 seconds for the communication profile, and more for the live broadcast profile), the SDK assumes that the user/host drops offline. A poor network connection may lead to false detections. It is recommended to use the Agora RTM SDK for reliable offline detection.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Trigger timing</title>
            <p>This callback is triggered when a remote user (in the communication profile) or host (in the live streaming profile) leaves a channel.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>None.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title> <ph keyref="callback-section-title" /> </title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity electron rn flutter cs">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="uid">
                <pt props="native unreal bp">uid</pt>
                <pt props="unity electron rn flutter cs">remoteUid</pt>
                <pd>The ID of the user who leaves the channel or goes offline.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="reason">
                <pt>reason</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="ios mac cpp unreal bp unity flutter electron rn cs">Reasons why a remote user (in the communication profile) or host (in the live streaming profile) goes offline. See <xref keyref="USER_OFFLINE_REASON_TYPE" />.</p>
                    <p props="android hmos">Reasons why a remote user (in the communication profile) or host (in the live streaming profile) goes offline:<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="USER_OFFLINE_QUIT" />(0): The user has quit the call. When the user leaves the channel, the user sends a goodbye message.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="USER_OFFLINE_DROPPED" />(1): The SDK timed out and the user dropped offline because it has not received any data package within a certain period of time. A poor network connection may lead to false detection. It is recommended to use the Agora RTM SDK for reliable offline detection.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="USER_OFFLINE_BECOME_AUDIENCE" />(2): The user switches the user role from a broadcaster to an audience.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>