<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_imediaplayercustomdataprovider_onseek">
    <title><ph keyref="onSeek"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the SDK seeks the media resource data.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onSeek"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">long onSeek(long offset, int whence);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">typedef long long(^AgoraRtcMediaPlayerCustomSourceOnSeekCallback)(id&lt;AgoraRtcMediaPlayerProtocol&gt; _Nonnull playerKit, long long offset, int whence);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int64_t onSeek(int64_t offset, int whence) = 0;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual Int64 OnSeek(Int64 offset, int whence, int playerId)
        {
            return 0;
        }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p props="android ios">When you call the <xref keyref="openWithMediaSource"/> method to open a custom media resource, the SDK triggers this callback to request to seek to a specified location in the media resource.</p>
            <p props="cpp mac">When you call the <xref keyref="openWithCustomSource"/> method to open a custom media resource, the SDK triggers this callback to request to seek to a specified location in the media resource.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>playerKit</pt>
                <pd>Media player protocol. See <xref keyref="IMediaPlayer"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>offset</pt>
                <pd>An input parameter. The offset of the target position relative to the starting point, in bytes. The value can be positive or negative.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>whence</pt>
                <pd>An input parameter. The starting point. You can set it as one of the following values:<ul>
                    <li>0: The starting point is the head of the data, and the actual data offset after seeking is <parmname>offset</parmname>.</li>
                    <li>1: The starting point is the current position, and the actual data offset after seeking is the current position plus <parmname>offset</parmname>.</li>
                    <li>2: The starting point is the end of the data, and the actual data offset after seeking is the whole data length plus <parmname>offset</parmname>.</li>
                    <li>65536: Do not perform position seeking and return the file size. Agora recommends that you use this parameter value when playing pure audio files such as MP3 and WAV.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity">
                <pt>playerId</pt>
                <pd>The ID of the media player.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>When <parmname>whence</parmname> is <parmname>65536</parmname>, the media file size is returned.</li>
            <li>When <parmname>whence</parmname> is <parmname>0</parmname>, <parmname>1</parmname>, or <parmname>2</parmname>, the actual data offset after the seeking is returned.</li>
            <li>-1: Seeking failed.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
