<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onaudiovolumeindication">
    <title><ph keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Reports the volume information of users.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onAudioVolumeIndication(AudioVolumeInfo[] speakers, int totalVolume) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
        reportAudioVolumeIndicationOfSpeakers:(NSArray&lt;AgoraRtcAudioVolumeInfo *&gt; * _Nonnull)speakers
        totalVolume:(NSInteger)totalVolume;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onAudioVolumeIndication(const AudioVolumeInfo* speakers,
    unsigned int speakerNumber,
    int totalVolume) {
    (void)speakers;
    (void)speakerNumber;
    (void)totalVolume;
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onAudioVolumeIndication?(connection: RtcConnection, speakers: AudioVolumeInfo[], speakerNumber: number, totalVolume: number): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnAudioVolumeIndication(RtcConnection connection, AudioVolumeInfo[] speakers, uint speakerNumber, int totalVolume) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onAudioVolumeIndication?(
  connection: RtcConnection,
  speakers: AudioVolumeInfo[],
  speakerNumber: number,
  totalVolume: number
): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, List&lt;AudioVolumeInfo&gt; speakers,
      int speakerNumber, int totalVolume)? onAudioVolumeIndication;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>By default, this callback is disabled. You can enable it by calling <xref keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication" />. Once this callback is enabled and users send streams in the channel, the SDK triggers the <apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /> callback according to the time interval set in <apiname keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication" />. The SDK triggers two independent <apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /> callbacks simultaneously, which separately report the volume information of the local user who sends a stream and the remote users (up to three) whose instantaneous volume is the highest.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <p props="apple">After receiving this callback, if you need to update the UI interface, ensure that the execution thread is switched to the UI thread.</p>
            <p>Once this callback is enabled, if the local user calls the <xref keyref="muteLocalAudioStream" /> method for mute, the SDK continues to report the volume indication of the local user.</p>
            <p>If a remote user whose volume is one of the three highest in the channel stops publishing the audio stream for 20 seconds, the callback excludes this user's information; if all remote users stop publishing audio streams for 20 seconds, the SDK stops triggering the callback for remote users.</p>
            </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>speakers</pt>
                <pd>The volume information of the users, see <xref keyref="AudioVolumeInfo" />. An empty <parmname>speakers</parmname> array in the callback indicates that no remote user is in the channel or is sending a stream.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>speakerNumber</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The total number of users.<ul>
                    <li>In the callback for the local user, if the local user is sending streams, the value of <parmname>speakerNumber</parmname> is 1.</li>
                    <li>In the callback for remote users, the value range of <parmname>speakerNumber</parmname> is [0,3]. If the number of remote users who send streams is greater than or equal to three, the value of <parmname>speakerNumber</parmname> is 3.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>totalVolume</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The volume of the speaker. The value range is [0,255].<ul>
                    <li>In the callback for the local user, <parmname>totalVolume</parmname> is the volume of the local user who sends a stream.</li>
                    <li><ph>In the callback for remote users, <parmname>totalVolume</parmname> is the sum of the volume of all remote users (up to three) whose instantaneous volume is the highest. </ph><ph props="native">If the user calls <xref keyref="startAudioMixing2" />, then <parmname>totalVolume</parmname> is the volume after audio mixing.</ph></li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
