<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onextensionerror">
    <title><ph keyref="onExtensionError" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the extension runs incorrectly.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onExtensionError" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">void onError(String provider, String extension, int error, String message);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)onExtensionError:(NSString * __nullable)provider
                 extension:(NSString * __nullable)extension
                     error:(int)error
                   message:(NSString * __nullable)message;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onExtensionError(const char* provider, const char* extension, int error, const char* message) {
    (void)provider;
    (void)extension;
    (void)error;
    (void)message;
  }</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">DECLARE_DYNAMIC_MULTICAST_DELEGATE_FourParams(FOnExtensionError, FString, provider, FString, extension, int, error, FString, message);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onExtensionError?(
    provider: string,
    extension: string,
    error: number,
    message: string
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnExtensionError(string provider, string extension, int error, string message) { }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onExtensionError?(
    provider: string,
    extension: string,
    error: number,
    message: string
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(
          String provider, String extension, int error, String message)?
      onExtensionError;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>The extension will trigger this callback and report the error code and error reason when the extension fails to enable or an error occurs during its operation.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="setExtensionProperty/vendor">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>extension</pt>
                <pd>The name of the extension.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>error</pt>
                <pd>Error code. For details, see the extension documentation provided by the extension provider.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>message</pt>
                <pd>Reason. For details, see the extension documentation provided by the extension provider.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
