<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_imusiccontentcentereventhandler_onpreloadevent">
    <title><ph keyref="onPreLoadEvent_IMusicContentCenterEventHandler"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Reports the events of preloading music assets.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onPreLoadEvent_IMusicContentCenterEventHandler"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">void onPreLoadEvent(
      String requestId, long songCode, int percent, String lyricUrl, int state, int reason);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)onPreLoadEvent:(NSString*)requestId songCode:(NSInteger)songCode percent:(NSInteger)percent lyricUrl:(NSString * _Nullable)lyricUrl state:(AgoraMusicContentCenterPreloadState)state reason:(AgoraMusicContentCenterStateReason)reason;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onPreLoadEvent(const char* requestId, int64_t songCode, int percent, const char* lyricUrl, PreloadState state, MusicContentCenterStateReason reason) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onPreLoadEvent?(
    requestId: string,
    songCode: number,
    percent: number,
    lyricUrl: string,
    status: PreloadState,
    reason: MusicContentCenterStateReason
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract void OnPreLoadEvent(string requestId, long songCode, int percent, string lyricUrl, PreloadState state, MusicContentCenterStateReason reason);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onPreLoadEvent?(
    requestId: string,
    songCode: number,
    percent: number,
    lyricUrl: string,
    status: PreloadState,
    reason: MusicContentCenterStateReason
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(
    String requestId,
    int songCode,
    int percent,
    String lyricUrl,
    PreloadState state,
    MusicContentCenterStateReason reason)? onPreLoadEvent;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"/></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.1.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>When you call<xref keyref="preload"/> the  method to preload music assets, the SDK will trigger this callback.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="android ios cpp flutter unity rn" conkeyref="onMusicChartsResult/id">
                <pt></pt>
                <pd></pd>
            </plentry>
                <plentry>
                <pt>songCode</pt>
                <pd>The code of the music, which is an unique identifier of the music.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>percent</pt>
                <pd>The current loading progress of the music asset. The value range is [0, 100].</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>lyricUrl</pt>
                <pd>The download URL for lyrics.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="status">
                <pt>state</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="apple cpp framework">The loading status of the current music asset. See <xref keyref="PreloadState"/>.</p>
                    <p props="android">The loading statuses of the current music asset contain the following:<ul>
                    <li>0: The preload of music assets is complete.</li>
                    <li>1: The preload of music assets fails.</li>
                    <li>2: The music assets are preloading.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="onMusicChartsResult/error">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
