<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_iaudioframeobserverbase_onearmonitoringaudioframe">
    <title><ph keyref="onEarMonitoringAudioFrame"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Gets the in-ear monitoring audio frame.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onEarMonitoringAudioFrame"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract boolean onEarMonitoringAudioFrame(int type, int samplesPerChannel,
    int bytesPerSample, int channels, int samplesPerSec, ByteBuffer buffer, long renderTimeMs,
    int avsync_type);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (BOOL)onEarMonitoringAudioFrame:(AgoraAudioFrame* _Nonnull)frame;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual bool onEarMonitoringAudioFrame(AudioFrame&amp; audioFrame) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onEarMonitoringAudioFrame?(audioFrame: AudioFrame): boolean;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual bool OnEarMonitoringAudioFrame(AudioFrame audioFrame)
        {
            return true;
        }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onEarMonitoringAudioFrame?(audioFrame: AudioFrame): boolean;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(AudioFrame audioFrame)? onEarMonitoringAudioFrame;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p props="native unity">In order to ensure that the obtained in-ear audio data meets the expectations, Agora recommends that you choose one of the following two methods to set the in-ear monitoring-ear audio data format:<ul>
            <li>Method 1: After calling <xref keyref="setEarMonitoringAudioFrameParameters"/> to set the audio data format and <xref keyref="registerAudioFrameObserver"/> to register the audio frame observer object, the SDK calculates the sampling interval according to the parameters set in the methods, and triggers the <apiname keyref="onEarMonitoringAudioFrame"/> callback according to the sampling interval.</li>
            <li>Method 2: After calling <xref keyref="registerAudioFrameObserver"/> to register the audio frame observer object, set the audio data format in the return value of the <xref keyref="getObservedAudioFramePosition"/> callback. The SDK then calculates the sampling interval according to the return value of the <xref keyref="getEarMonitoringAudioParams"/> callback, and triggers the <apiname keyref="onEarMonitoringAudioFrame"/> callback according to the sampling interval.</li>
            </ul> </p>
            <p props="flutter rn electron">In order to ensure that the obtained in-ear audio data meets the expectations, Agora recommends that you set the in-ear monitoring-ear audio data format as follows: After calling <xref keyref="setEarMonitoringAudioFrameParameters"/> to set the audio data format and <xref keyref="registerAudioFrameObserver"/> to register the audio frame observer object, the SDK calculates the sampling interval according to the parameters set in the methods, and triggers the <apiname keyref="onEarMonitoringAudioFrame"/> callback according to the sampling interval.</p>
            <note type="note" id="attention" props="native unity flutter"><ul>
            <li props="native unity">The priority of method 1 is higher than that of method 2. If method 1 is used to set the audio data format, the setting of method 2 is invalid.</li>
            <li props="flutter">Due to the limitations of Flutter, this callback does not support sending processed audio data back to the SDK.</li></ul></note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp framework">audioFrame</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">frame</pt>
                <pd>The raw audio data. See <xref keyref="AudioFrame"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml>
            <parml props="android">
            <plentry id="type">
                <pt>type</pt>
                <pd>The audio frame type.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="samplesPerChannel">
                <pt>samplesPerChannel</pt>
                <pd>The number of samples per channel in the audio frame.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="bytesPerSample">
                <pt>bytesPerSample</pt>
                <pd>The number of bytes per audio sample. For example, each PCM audio sample usually takes up 16 bits (2 bytes).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="channels">
                <pt>channels</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The number of channels.<ul>
                    <li>1: Mono.</li>
                    <li>2: Stereo. If the channel uses stereo, the data is interleaved.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="samplesPerSec">
                <pt>samplesPerSec</pt>
                <pd>Recording sample rate (Hz).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="buffer">
                <pt>buffer</pt>
                <pd>The audio buffer. The buffer size = samplesPerChannel x channels x bytesPerSample.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="renderTimeMs">
                <pt>renderTimeMs</pt>
                <pd>The timestamp (ms) of the external audio frame. You can use this parameter for the following purpose: Synchronize audio and video frames in video or audio related scenarios, including where external video sources are used.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="avsync">
                <pt>avsync_type</pt>
                <pd>Reserved for future use.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title><ph keyref="return-section-title"/></title>
            <p props="flutter">方法成功调用时，无返回值；方法调用失败时，会抛出 <xref keyref="AgoraRtcException"/> 异常，你需要捕获异常并进行处理。</p>
            <p props="native electron rn unity">Reserved for future use.</p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
