<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onfirstremotevideodecoded">
    <title><ph keyref="onFirstRemoteVideoDecoded" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the first remote video frame is received and decoded.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onFirstRemoteVideoDecoded" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onFirstRemoteVideoDecoded(int uid, int width, int height, int elapsed) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
        firstRemoteVideoDecodedOfUid:(NSUInteger)uid size:(CGSize)size elapsed:(NSInteger)elapsed;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onFirstRemoteVideoDecoded(uid_t uid,
    int width,
    int height,
    int elapsed) {
    (void)uid;
    (void)width;
    (void)height;
    (void)elapsed;
    }</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">DECLARE_DYNAMIC_MULTICAST_DELEGATE_FourParams(FOnFirstRemoteVideoDecoded, int64, uid, int, width, int, height, int, elapsed);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">  onFirstRemoteVideoDecoded?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    remoteUid: number,
    width: number,
    height: number,
    elapsed: number
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnFirstRemoteVideoDecoded(RtcConnection connection, uint remoteUid, int width, int height, int elapsed) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">  onFirstRemoteVideoDecoded?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    remoteUid: number,
    width: number,
    height: number,
    elapsed: number
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, int remoteUid, int width,
      int height, int elapsed)? onFirstRemoteVideoDecoded;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>The SDK triggers this callback under one of the following circumstances:<ul id="ul_xcz_f34_npb">
            <li>The remote user joins the channel and sends the video stream.</li>
            <li>The remote user stops sending the video stream and re-sends it after 15 seconds. Reasons for such an interruption include:<ul id="ul_ycz_f34_npb">
                <li>The remote user leaves the channel.</li>
                <li>The remote user drops offline.</li>
                <li>The remote user calls <xref keyref="disableVideo" /> to disable video.</li>
                </ul> </li>
            </ul> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="native unreal bp">
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID of the remote user sending the video stream.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>size</pt>
                <pd>Video dimensions.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity electron rn flutter cs">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity electron rn flutter cs">
                <pt>remoteUid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID of the remote user sending the video stream.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp unreal bp unity electron rn flutter cs">
                <pt>width</pt>
                <pd>The width (px) of the video stream.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp unreal bp unity electron rn flutter cs">
                <pt>height</pt>
                <pd>The height (px) of the video stream.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>elapsed</pt>
                <pd>The time elapsed (ms) from the local user calling <apiname keyref="joinChannel2" /> until the SDK triggers this callback.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>