<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onvideorenderingtracingresult">
    <title><ph keyref="onVideoRenderingTracingResult"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Video frame rendering event callback.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onVideoRenderingTracingResult"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onVideoRenderingTracingResult(int uid,
    Constants.MEDIA_RENDER_TRACE_EVENT currentEvent, VideoRenderingTracingInfo tracingInfo) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine videoRenderingTracingResultOfUid:(NSUInteger)uid currentEvent:(AgoraMediaRenderTraceEvent)currentEvent tracingInfo:(AgoraVideoRenderingTracingInfo * _Nonnull)tracingInfo NS_SWIFT_NAME(rtcEngine(_:videoRenderingTracingResultOfUid:currentEvent:tracingInfo:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp"> virtual void onVideoRenderingTracingResult(uid_t uid, MEDIA_TRACE_EVENT currentEvent, VideoRenderingTracingInfo tracingInfo) {
  (void)uid;
  (void)currentEvent;
  (void)tracingInfo;
}</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">DECLARE_DYNAMIC_MULTICAST_DELEGATE_ThreeParams(FOnVideoRenderingTracingResult, int64, uid, EMEDIA_TRACE_EVENT, currentEvent, FVideoRenderingTracingInfo, tracingInfo);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onVideoRenderingTracingResult?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    uid: number,
    currentEvent: MediaTraceEvent,
    tracingInfo: VideoRenderingTracingInfo
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnVideoRenderingTracingResult(RtcConnection connection, uint uid, MEDIA_TRACE_EVENT currentEvent, VideoRenderingTracingInfo tracingInfo) { }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onVideoRenderingTracingResult?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    uid: number,
    currentEvent: MediaTraceEvent,
    tracingInfo: VideoRenderingTracingInfo
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(
      RtcConnection connection,
      int uid,
      MediaTraceEvent currentEvent,
      VideoRenderingTracingInfo tracingInfo)? onVideoRenderingTracingResult;</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.1.1</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>After calling the <xref keyref="startMediaRenderingTracing"/> method or joining the channel, the SDK triggers this callback to report the events of video frame rendering and the indicators during the rendering process. Developers can optimize the indicators to improve the efficiency of the first video frame rendering.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection" props="framework">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>        
            <plentry>
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>currentEvent</pt>
                <pd>The current video frame rendering event. See <xref keyref="MEDIA_TRACE_EVENT"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>tracingInfo</pt>
                <pd>The indicators during the video frame rendering process. Developers need to reduce the value of indicators as much as possible in order to improve the efficiency of the first video frame rendering. See <xref keyref="VideoRenderingTracingInfo"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
