<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onlocalvideotranscodererror">
    <title><ph keyref="onLocalVideoTranscoderError"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when there's an error during the local video mixing.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onLocalVideoTranscoderError"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onLocalVideoTranscoderError(
      LocalTranscoderConfiguration.TranscodingVideoStream stream, int error) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine didLocalVideoTranscoderErrorWithStream:(AgoraTranscodingVideoStream * _Nonnull )stream
        errorCode:(AgoraVideoTranscoderError)errorCode NS_SWIFT_NAME(rtcEngine(_:didLocalVideoTranscoderErrorWithStream:errorCode:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onLocalVideoTranscoderError(const TranscodingVideoStream&amp; stream, VIDEO_TRANSCODER_ERROR error){
    (void)stream;
    (void)error;
  }</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintNativeEvent, Category = &quot;Agora|Event&quot;)
	void OnLocalVideoTranscoderError(const FTranscodingVideoStream&amp; stream, EVIDEO_TRANSCODER_ERROR error);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onLocalVideoTranscoderError?(
    stream: TranscodingVideoStream,
    error: VideoTranscoderError
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnLocalVideoTranscoderError(TranscodingVideoStream stream, VIDEO_TRANSCODER_ERROR error){}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onLocalVideoTranscoderError?(
    stream: TranscodingVideoStream,
    error: VideoTranscoderError
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(
          TranscodingVideoStream stream, VideoTranscoderError error)?
      onLocalVideoTranscoderError;</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.2.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>When you fail to call <xref keyref="startLocalVideoTranscoder"/> or <xref keyref="updateLocalTranscoderConfiguration"/>, the SDK triggers this callback to report the reason.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>stream</pt>
                <pd>The video streams that cannot be mixed during video mixing. See <xref keyref="TranscodingVideoStream"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android cpp framework">error</pt>
                <pt props="apple">errorCode</pt>
                <pd>The reason for local video mixing error. <ph props="apple cpp framework">See <xref keyref="VIDEO_TRANSCODER_ERROR"/>.</ph></pd>
                <pd props="android hmos">The reason for local video mixing error:<ul>
                        <li>1: The selected video source has not started video capture. You need to create a video track for it and start video capture.</li>
                        <li>2: The video source type is invalid. You need to re-specify the supported video source type.</li>
                        <li>3: The image path is invalid. You need to re-specify the correct image path.</li>
                        <li>4: The image format is invalid. Make sure the image format is one of PNG, JPEG, or GIF.</li>
                        <li>5: The video encoding resolution after video mixing is invalid.</li>
                        <li>20: Unknown internal error.</li>
                    </ul>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
