<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_onproxyconnected">
    <title><ph keyref="onProxyConnected"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Reports the proxy connection state.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onProxyConnected"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onProxyConnected(
    String channel, int uid, int proxyType, String localProxyIp, int elapsed) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onProxyConnected(const char* channel, uid_t uid, PROXY_TYPE proxyType, const char* localProxyIp, int elapsed) {
  (void)channel;
  (void)uid;
  (void)proxyType;
  (void)localProxyIp;
  (void)elapsed;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnProxyConnected(string channel, uint uid, PROXY_TYPE proxyType, string localProxyIp, int elapsed)</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">OnProxyConnected? proxyConnected;</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>You can use this callback to listen for the state of the SDK connecting to a proxy. For example, when a user calls <xref keyref="setCloudProxy"/> and joins a channel successfully, the SDK triggers this callback to report the user ID, the proxy type connected, and the time elapsed fromthe user calling <xref keyref="joinChannel1"/> until this callback is triggered.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>channel</pt>
                <pd>The channel name.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="uid">
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="proxyType">
                <pt>proxyType</pt>
                <pd props="ios mac cpp unity">The proxy type connected.  See <xref keyref="CLOUD_PROXY_TYPE"/>.</pd>
                <pd props="android">The proxy type connected. <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="NONE_PROXY_TYPE"/>0: Reserved for future use.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="UDP_PROXY_TYPE"/>1: The cloud proxy for the UDP protocol, that is, the Force UDP cloud proxy mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data over UDP.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="TCP_PROXY_TYPE"/>2: The cloud proxy for the TCP (encryption) protocol, that is, the Force TCP cloud proxy mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data over TCP/TLS 443.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_PROXY_TYPE"/>3: Reserved for future use.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="TCP_PROXY_AUTO_FALLBACK_TYPE"/>4: Automatic mode. In this mode, the SDK attempts a direct connection to SD-RTN™ and automatically switches to TCP/TLS 443 if the attempt fails.</li>
                </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="localProxyIp">
                <pt>localProxyIp</pt>
                <pd>Reserved for future use.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="elapsed">
                <pt>elapsed</pt>
                <pd>The time elapsed (ms) from the user calling <apiname keyref="joinChannel1"/> until this callback is triggered.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
