<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onuserjoined">
    <title> <ph keyref="onUserJoined" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when a remote user (in the communication profile)/ host (in the live streaming profile) joins the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onUserJoined(int uid, int elapsed) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">onUserJoined?:(uid:number, elapse:number) =&gt; void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
    didJoinedOfUid:(NSUInteger)uid elapsed:(NSInteger)elapsed;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onUserJoined(uid_t uid, int elapsed) {
    (void)uid;
    (void)elapsed;
    }</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintNativeEvent, Category = &quot;Agora|Event&quot;)
	void OnUserJoined(int64 uid, int elapsed);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">  onUserJoined?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    remoteUid: number,
    elapsed: number
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnUserJoined(RtcConnection connection, uint remoteUid, int elapsed) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">  onUserJoined?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    remoteUid: number,
    elapsed: number
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, int remoteUid, int elapsed)?
      onUserJoined;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" deliveryTarget="details" otherprops="no-title">
            <ul id="detailed_desc_scene">
            <li>In a communication channel, this callback indicates that a remote user joins the channel. The SDK also triggers this callback to report the existing users in the channel when a user joins the channel.</li>
            <li>In a live-broadcast channel, this callback indicates that a host joins the channel. The SDK also triggers this callback to report the existing hosts in the channel when a host joins the channel. Agora recommends limiting the number of co-hosts to 32, with a maximum of 17 video hosts.</li>
            </ul>

        </section>
        <section id="timing" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Trigger timing</title>
            <p>The SDK triggers this callback under one of the following circumstances:<ul>
                <li>A remote user/host joins the channel.</li>
                <li>A remote user switches the user role to the host after joining the channel.</li>
                <li>A remote user/host rejoins the channel after a network interruption.</li>
                </ul> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="restriction" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title>Restrictions</title>
            <p>None.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" deliveryTarget="details">
            <title> <ph keyref="callback-section-title" /> </title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="framework">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="uid">
                <pt props="native unreal bp">uid</pt>
                <pt props="unity electron rn flutter cs">remoteUid</pt>
                <pd>The ID of the user or host who joins the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>elapsed</pt>
                <pd><ph props="electron flutter rn">Time delay (ms) from the local user calling <apiname keyref="joinChannel2" /> until this callback is triggered. </ph><ph props="native bp unity cs unreal">Time delay (ms) from the local user calling <apiname keyref="joinChannel1" /> or <apiname keyref="joinChannel2" /> until this callback is triggered.</ph></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>