<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onconnectionstatechanged">
    <title><ph keyref="onConnectionStateChanged" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the network connection state changes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onConnectionStateChanged" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onConnectionStateChanged(int state, int reason) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
                    connectionStateChanged:(AgoraConnectionState)state
                    reason:(AgoraConnectionChangedReason)reason;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onConnectionStateChanged(CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE state, CONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE reason) {
     (void)state;
     (void)reason;
     }</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">DECLARE_DYNAMIC_MULTICAST_DELEGATE_TwoParams(FOnConnectionStateChanged, ECONNECTION_STATE_TYPE, state, ECONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE, reason);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">  onConnectionStateChanged?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    state: ConnectionStateType,
    reason: ConnectionChangedReasonType
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnConnectionStateChanged(RtcConnection connection, CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE state, CONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE reason) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">  onConnectionStateChanged?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    state: ConnectionStateType,
    reason: ConnectionChangedReasonType
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, ConnectionStateType state,
      ConnectionChangedReasonType reason)? onConnectionStateChanged;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p id="desc">When the network connection state changes, the SDK triggers this callback and reports the current connection state and the reason for the change.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity electron rn flutter cs">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="state">
                <pt>state</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p id="connectionstate">The current connection state. <ph props="ios mac cpp unreal bp unity flutter electron rn cs">See <xref keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE" />.</ph></p>
                    <ul props="android">
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_DISCONNECTED" />(1): The SDK is disconnected from Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTING" />(2): The SDK is connecting to Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTED" />(3): The SDK is connected to Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_RECONNECTING" />(4): The SDK keeps reconnecting to the Agora edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_FAILED" />(5): The SDK fails to connect to Agora's edge server.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="reason">
                <pt>reason</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="ios mac cpp unreal bp unity flutter electron rn cs">The reason for a connection state change. See <xref keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE" />.</p>
                    <p props="android">
                    <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_CONNECTING" />(0): The SDK is connecting to Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_JOIN_SUCCESS" />(1): The SDK has joined the channel successfully.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INTERRUPTED" />(2): The connection between the SDK and Agora's edge server is interrupted.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_BANNED_BY_SERVER" />(3)：网络连接被服务器禁止，例如，当用户被踢出频道时，会返回该状态。</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_JOIN_FAILED" />(4): The SDK fails to join the channel. When the SDK fails to join the channel for more than 20 minutes, this error occurs and the SDK stops reconnecting to the channel. 请提示用户尝试切换网络后重新加入频道。</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_LEAVE_CHANNEL" />(5): The SDK has left the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INVALID_APP_ID" />(6)：App ID 无效。 请使用有效的 APP ID 重新加入频道，并确保你使用的 App ID 与在声网控制台生成的一致。</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INVALID_CHANNEL_NAME" />(7)：频道名无效。 Rejoin the channel with a valid channel name. 有效的频道名为长度在 64 字节以内的字符串。 Supported characters:<ul conkeyref="joinChannel2/char_support"><li/></ul></li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INVALID_TOKEN" />(110): Invalid token Possible reasons are as follows:<ul>
                    <li>The App Certificate for the project is enabled in Agora Console, but you do not use a token when joining the channel.</li>
                    <li>The uid specified when calling <apiname keyref="joinChannel2"/> to join the channel is inconsistent with the uid passed in when generating the token.</li>
                    <li>生成的 Token 和加入频道使用的 Token 不一致。</li>
                    </ul>Ensure the following:<ul><li>当你的项目启用了 App Certificate 时，使用 Token 加入频道。</li>
                            <li>生成 Token 时指定的用户 ID 与加入频道时使用的用户 ID 一致，</li>
                            <li>生成的 Token 和加入频道使用的 Token 一致。</li></ul></li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_TOKEN_EXPIRED" />(9)：当前使用的 Token 已过期。 请重新在你的服务端生成 Token，然后用新的 Token 重新加入频道。</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_REJECTED_BY_SERVER" />(10): The user is banned by the server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_SETTING_PROXY_SERVER" />(11): The SDK tries to reconnect after setting a proxy server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_RENEW_TOKEN" />(12): The connection state changed because the token is renewed.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_CLIENT_IP_ADDRESS_CHANGED" />(13)：客户端 IP 地址变更。 如多次收到该状态码，请提示用户更换网络后尝试重新加入频道。</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT" />(14): Timeout for the keep-alive of the connection between the SDK and the Agora edge server. The SDK tries to reconnect to the server automatically.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_REJOIN_SUCCESS" />(15): The SDK has rejoined the channel successfully.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_LOST" />(16): The connection between the SDK and the server is lost.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_ECHO_TEST" />(17): The connection state changes due to the echo test.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_CLIENT_IP_ADDRESS_CHANGED_BY_USER" />(18): The local IP address was changed by the user.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_SAME_UID_LOGIN" />(19): The user joined the same channel from different devices with the same UID.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_TOO_MANY_BROADCASTERS" />(20): The number of hosts in the channel has reached the upper limit.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
