<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_onuserjoined">
    <title> <ph keyref="onUserJoined"/> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"> <ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when a remote user (in the communication profile)/ host (in the live streaming profile) leaves the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onUserJoined(int uid, int elapsed) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
    didJoinedOfUid:(NSUInteger)uid elapsed:(NSInteger)elapsed;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onUserJoined(uid_t uid, int elapsed) {
    (void)uid;
    (void)elapsed;
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onUserJoined?(connection: RtcConnection, remoteUid: number, elapsed: number): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnUserJoined(RtcConnection connection, uint remoteUid, int elapsed) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onUserJoined?(
  connection: RtcConnection,
  remoteUid: number,
  elapsed: number
): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, int remoteUid, int elapsed)?
      onUserJoined;
</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <ul id="detailed_desc_scene">
            <li>In a communication channel, this callback indicates that a remote user joins the channel. The SDK also triggers this callback to report the existing users in the channel when a user joins the channel.</li>
            <li>In a live-broadcast channel, this callback indicates that a host joins the channel. The SDK also triggers this callback to report the existing hosts in the channel when a host joins the channel. Agora recommends limiting the number of hosts to 17.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>The SDK triggers this callback under one of the following circumstances:<ul>
            <li>A remote user/host<apiname keyref="joinChannel2"/> joins the channel by calling the  method.</li>
            <li>A remote user switches the user role to the host after joining the channel.</li>
            <li>A remote user/host rejoins the channel after a network interruption.</li>
            </ul> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title> <ph keyref="callback-section-title"/> </title>
            <p conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/callback-desc" props="flutter"/>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="uid">
                <pt props="native">uid</pt>
                <pt props="unity electron rn flutter">remoteUid</pt>
                <pd>The ID of the user or host who joins the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>elapsed</pt>
                <pd>Time delay (ms) from<apiname keyref="joinChannel2"/> the local user calling  until this callback is triggered.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
