<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_iaudiospectrumobserver_onremoteaudiospectrum">
    <title><ph keyref="onRemoteAudioSpectrum" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Gets the remote audio spectrum.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onRemoteAudioSpectrum" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">boolean onRemoteAudioSpectrum(UserAudioSpectrumInfo[] userAudioSpectrumInfos, int spectrumNumber);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (BOOL)onRemoteAudioSpectrum:(NSArray&lt;AgoraAudioSpectrumInfo *&gt; * _Nullable)AudioSpectrumInfo;
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual bool onRemoteAudioSpectrum(const UserAudioSpectrumInfo * spectrums, unsigned int spectrumNumber) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">DECLARE_DYNAMIC_MULTICAST_DELEGATE_TwoParams(FOnRemoteAudioSpectrum, const TArray&lt;FUserAudioSpectrumInfo&gt;, spectrums, int, spectrumNumber);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onRemoteAudioSpectrum?(
    spectrums: UserAudioSpectrumInfo[],
    spectrumNumber: number
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual bool OnRemoteAudioSpectrum(UserAudioSpectrumInfo[] spectrums, uint spectrumNumber)
        {
            return true;
        }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onRemoteAudioSpectrum?(
    spectrums: UserAudioSpectrumInfo[],
    spectrumNumber: number
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(
        List&lt;UserAudioSpectrumInfo> spectrums, int spectrumNumber)?
    onRemoteAudioSpectrum;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>After successfully calling <xref keyref="registerAudioSpectrumObserver" /> to implement the <apiname keyref="onRemoteAudioSpectrum" /> callback in the <xref keyref="IAudioSpectrumObserver" /> and calling <xref keyref="enableAudioSpectrumMonitor" /> to enable audio spectrum monitoring, the SDK will trigger the callback as the time interval you set to report the received remote audio data spectrum.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android hmos">userAudioSpectrumInfos</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">AudioSpectrumInfo</pt>
                <pt props="cpp unreal bp unity rn electron flutter cs">spectrums</pt>
                <pd>The audio spectrum information of the remote user, see <xref keyref="UserAudioSpectrumInfo" />. The number of arrays is the number of remote users monitored by the SDK. If the array is null, it means that no audio spectrum of remote users is detected.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp unreal bp unity rn electron flutter cs">
                <pt>spectrumNumber</pt>
                <pd>The number of remote users.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native unreal bp unity cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <p>Whether the spectrum data is received:<ul>
            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Spectrum data is received.</li>
            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: No spectrum data is received.</li>
            </ul></p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>