<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onnetworkquality">
    <title><ph keyref="onNetworkQuality" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Reports the last mile network quality of each user in the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onNetworkQuality" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onNetworkQuality(int uid, int txQuality, int rxQuality) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">onNetworkQuality? : (uid: number, txQuality: Constants.NetworkQuality, rxQuality: Constants.NetworkQuality) =&gt; void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
    networkQuality:(NSUInteger)uid
    txQuality:(AgoraNetworkQuality)txQuality
    rxQuality:(AgoraNetworkQuality)rxQuality;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onNetworkQuality(uid_t uid, int txQuality, int rxQuality) {
    (void)uid;
    (void)txQuality;
    (void)rxQuality;
    }</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">DECLARE_DYNAMIC_MULTICAST_DELEGATE_ThreeParams(FOnNetworkQuality, int64, uid, int, txQuality, int, rxQuality);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">  onNetworkQuality?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    remoteUid: number,
    txQuality: QualityType,
    rxQuality: QualityType
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnNetworkQuality(RtcConnection connection, uint remoteUid, int txQuality, int rxQuality) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">  onNetworkQuality?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    remoteUid: number,
    txQuality: QualityType,
    rxQuality: QualityType
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, int remoteUid,
      QualityType txQuality, QualityType rxQuality)? onNetworkQuality;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p id="desc1">This callback reports the last mile network conditions of each user in the channel. Last mile refers to the connection between the local device and Agora's edge server.</p>
            <p id="desc2">The SDK triggers this callback once every two seconds. If a channel includes multiple users, the SDK triggers this callback as many times.</p>
            <p>This callback provides feedback on network quality through sending and receiving broadcast packets within the channel. Excessive broadcast packets can lead to broadcast storms. To prevent broadcast storms from causing a large amount of data transmission within the channel, this callback supports feedback on the network quality of up to 4 remote hosts simultaneously by default.</p>
            <note type="note"><ph><parmname>txQuality</parmname> is <codeph props="cpp unreal bp android unity">UNKNOWN</codeph><codeph props="ios mac electron rn">Unknown</codeph> when the user is not sending a stream; <parmname>rxQuality</parmname> is <codeph props="cpp unreal bp android unity">UNKNOWN</codeph><codeph props="ios mac electron rn">Unknown</codeph> when the user is not receiving a stream.</ph></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity flutter electron rn cs">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="uid">
                <pt props="native unreal bp">uid</pt>
                <pt props="unity flutter electron rn cs">remoteUid</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The user ID. The network quality of the user with this user ID is reported. If the uid is 0, the local network quality is reported.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="txQuality">
                <pt>txQuality</pt>
                <pd>Uplink network quality rating of the user in terms of the transmission bit rate, packet loss rate, average RTT (Round-Trip Time) and jitter of the uplink network. This parameter is a quality rating helping you understand how well the current uplink network conditions can support the selected video encoder configuration. For example, a 1000 Kbps uplink network may be adequate for video frames with a resolution of 640 × 480 and a frame rate of 15 fps in the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile, but might be inadequate for resolutions higher than 1280 × 720. <ph props="ios mac cpp unreal unity electron flutter cs">See <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE" />.</ph><ul conkeyref="RemoteAudioStats/qualitytype" props="android bp">
                    <li />
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="rxQuality">
                <pt>rxQuality</pt>
                <pd>Downlink network quality rating of the user in terms of packet loss rate, average RTT, and jitter of the downlink network. <ph props="ios mac cpp unreal unity electron flutter cs">See <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE" />.</ph><ul conkeyref="RemoteAudioStats/qualitytype" props="android bp">
                    <li />
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>