<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_onconnectionstatechanged">
    <title><ph keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the network connection state changes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onConnectionStateChanged(int state, int reason) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
                    connectionStateChanged:(AgoraConnectionState)state
                    reason:(AgoraConnectionChangedReason)reason;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onConnectionStateChanged(CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE state, CONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE reason) {
     (void)state;
     (void)reason;
     }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onConnectionStateChanged?(connection: RtcConnection, state: ConnectionStateType, reason: ConnectionChangedReasonType): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnConnectionStateChanged(RtcConnection connection, CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE state, CONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE reason) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onConnectionStateChanged?(
  connection: RtcConnection,
  state: ConnectionStateType,
  reason: ConnectionChangedReasonType
): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, ConnectionStateType state,
      ConnectionChangedReasonType reason)? onConnectionStateChanged;
</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v2.3.2</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p id="desc">When the network connection state changes, the SDK triggers this callback and reports the current connection state and the reason for the change.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <p conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/callback-desc" props="flutter"/>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="state">
                <pt>state</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p id="connectionstate">The current connection state. See .<ph props="ios mac cpp unity flutter electron rn"><xref keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE"/></ph></p>
                    <ul props="android">
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_DISCONNECTED"/>(1): The SDK is disconnected from Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTING"/>(2): The SDK is connecting to Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTED"/>(3): The SDK is connected to Agora's edge server and has joined a channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_RECONNECTING"/>(4): The SDK keeps reconnecting to the Agora edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_FAILED"/>5: The SDK fails to connect to Agora's edge server or join the channel.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="reason">
                <pt>reason</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="ios mac cpp unity flutter electron rn">The reason for a connection state change. See <xref keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE"/>.</p>
                    <p props="android">
                    <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_CONNECTING"/>(0): The SDK is connecting to Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_JOIN_SUCCESS"/>(1): The SDK has joined the channel successfully.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INTERRUPTED"/>(2): The connection between the SDK and Agora's edge server is interrupted.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_BANNED_BY_SERVER"/>(3): The connection between the SDK and Agora's edge server is banned by Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_JOIN_FAILED"/>(4): The SDK fails to join the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_LEAVE_CHANNEL"/>(5): The SDK has left the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INVALID_APP_ID"/>(6): The connection failed because the App ID is not valid. Please rejoin the channel with a valid App ID.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INVALID_CHANNEL_NAME"/>(7): The connection failed because the channel name is not valid. Please rejoin the channel with a valid channel name.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INVALID_TOKEN"/>(8): The connection failed because the token is not valid. Typical reasons include:<ul id="ul_pf4_kcx_qqb">
                        <li>The App Certificate for the project is enabled in Agora Console, but you do not use a token when joining the channel. If you enable the App Certificate, you must use a token to join the channel.</li>
                        <li>The uid specified when calling <xref keyref="joinChannel1" props="native unity"/><xref keyref="joinChannel2" props="electron rn flutter"/> to join the channel is inconsistent with the uid passed in when generating the token.</li>
                        </ul> </li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_TOKEN_EXPIRED"/>(9)：当前使用的 Token 过期，不再有效，需要重新在你的服务端申请生成 Token 。</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_REJECTED_BY_SERVER"/>(10): The user is banned by the server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_SETTING_PROXY_SERVER"/>(11)：由于设置了代理服务器，SDK 尝试重连 。</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_RENEW_TOKEN"/>(12): The connection state changed because the token is renewed.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_CLIENT_IP_ADDRESS_CHANGED"/>(13)：客户端 IP 地址变更，可能是由于网络类型，或网络运营商的 IP 或端口发生改变引起 。</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT"/>(14)：SDK 和服务器连接保活超时，进入自动重连状态 。</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_REJOIN_SUCCESS"/>(15): The SDK has rejoined the channel successfully.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_LOST"/>(16): The connection between the SDK and the server is lost.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_ECHO_TEST"/>(17): The connection state changes due to the echo test.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
