<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_ivideoframeobserver_onrendervideoframe">
    <title><ph keyref="onRenderVideoFrame"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs each time the SDK receives a video frame sent by the remote user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onRenderVideoFrame"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">boolean onRenderVideoFrame(String channelId, int uid, VideoFrame videoFrame);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">onRenderVideoFrame?: (channelId: string, uid: number, videoFrame: VideoFrame) =&gt; boolean;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (BOOL)onRenderVideoFrame:(AgoraOutputVideoFrame * _Nonnull)videoFrame
    uid:(NSUInteger)uid
    channelId:(NSString * _Nonnull)channelId;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual bool onRenderVideoFrame(const char* channelId, rtc::uid_t remoteUid, VideoFrame&amp; videoFrame) = 0;</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">DECLARE_DYNAMIC_MULTICAST_DELEGATE_ThreeParams(FOnRenderVideoFrame, const FString, channelId, int64, remoteUid, const FVideoFrame&amp;, videoFrame);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onRenderVideoFrame?(
    channelId: string,
    remoteUid: number,
    videoFrame: VideoFrame
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual bool OnRenderVideoFrame(string channelId, uint remoteUid, VideoFrame videoFrame)</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onRenderVideoFrame?(
    channelId: string,
    remoteUid: number,
    videoFrame: VideoFrame
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(String channelId, int remoteUid, VideoFrame videoFrame)?
      onRenderVideoFrame;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>After you successfully register the video frame observer, the SDK triggers this callback each time it receives a video frame. In this callback, you can get the video data sent from the remote end before rendering, and then process it according to the particular scenarios.</p>
            <p props="android" id="java">该回调默认提供的视频数据格式为 I420Buffer 或 TextureBuffer，TextureBuffer 类型的纹理格式可能为 0ES 格式或者 RGB 格式。 如果你需要其他格式的视频数据，可在 <xref keyref="getVideoFormatPreference"/> 回调的返回值中设置预期的数据格式。</p>
            <p props="apple">该回调默认提供的视频数据格式为 I420 或 CVPixelBufferRef，如果你需要其他格式的视频数据，可在 <xref keyref="getVideoFormatPreference"/> 回调中返回预期的数据格式。</p>
            <p props="cpp">该回调默认提供的视频数据格式为 YUV420，如果你需要其他格式的视频数据，可在 getVideoFormatPreference 回调的返回值中设置预期的数据格式。</p>
            <note type="attention" props="native unreal bp electron rn flutter">
            <ul>
            <li props="native unreal bp">If you need to send the preprocessed data to the SDK, you need to call <xref keyref="getVideoFrameProcessMode"/> first to set the video processing mode to read and write mode (<ph keyref="PROCESS_MODE_READ_WRITE"/>).</li>
            <li>If the video data type you get is RGBA, the SDK does not support processing the data of the alpha channel.</li>
            <li props="rn electron">It's recommended that you implement this callback through the C++ API.</li>
            <li props="flutter rn electron">Due to framework limitations, this callback does not support sending processed video data back to the SDK.</li>
            <li conkeyref="onCaptureVideoFrame/restric1"/>
        </ul></note>
        <note props="unity cs">If you use Unity for development, Agora only supports sending video data in YUV format to SDK. Ensure that you set <parmname>mode</parmname> as <codeph>INTPTR</codeph> when you call the <xref keyref="registerVideoFrameObserver"/> method to register a video frame observer.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android ios mac">uid</pt>
                <pt props="cpp unreal bp rn electron flutter unity cs">remoteUid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID of the remote user who sends the current video frame.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="onCaptureVideoFrame/videoframe">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>channelId</pt>
                <pd>The channel ID.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native unreal bp unity cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <p conkeyref="onCaptureVideoFrame/return"/>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
