<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_onremoteaudiotransportstats">
    <title><ph keyref="onRemoteAudioTransportStats"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Reports the transport-layer statistics of each remote audio stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onRemoteAudioTransportStats"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onRemoteAudioTransportStats(int uid, int delay, int lost, int rxKBitRate) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
                  audioTransportStatsOfUid:(NSUInteger)uid
                  delay:(NSUInteger)delay
                  lost:(NSUInteger)lost
                  rxKBitRate:(NSUInteger)rxKBitRate;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onRemoteAudioTransportStats(uid_t uid,
     unsigned short delay,
     unsigned short lost,
     unsigned short rxKBitRate) {
     (void)uid;
     (void)delay;
     (void)lost;
     (void)rxKBitRate;
     }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onRemoteAudioTransportStats?(connection: RtcConnection, remoteUid: number, delay: number, lost: number, rxKBitRate: number): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnRemoteAudioTransportStats(RtcConnection connection, uint remoteUid, UInt16 delay, UInt16 lost, UInt16 rxKBitRate) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onRemoteAudioTransportStats?(
  connection: RtcConnection,
  remoteUid: number,
  delay: number,
  lost: number,
  rxKBitRate: number
): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, int remoteUid, int delay,
      int lost, int rxKBitRate)? onRemoteAudioTransportStats;
</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                <dd>Please use <xref keyref="onRemoteAudioStats"/> instead.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            </p>
            <p id="desc">This callback reports the transport-layer statistics, such as the packet loss rate and network time delay, once every two seconds after the local user receives an audio packet from a remote user. During a call, when the user receives the video packet sent by the remote user/host, the callback is triggered every 2 seconds.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <p conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/callback-desc" props="flutter"/>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="native">uid</pt>
                <pt props="unity flutter electron rn">remoteUid</pt>
                <pd>The ID of the remote user sending the audio packets.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>delay</pt>
                <pd>The network delay (ms) from the sender to the receiver.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>lost</pt>
                <pd>The packet loss rate (%) of the audio packet sent from the remote user.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>rxKBitRate</pt>
                <pd>The bitrate of the received audio (Kbps).</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
