<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_onaudiovolumeindication">
    <title><ph keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Reports the volume information of users.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onAudioVolumeIndication(AudioVolumeInfo[] speakers, int totalVolume) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
        reportAudioVolumeIndicationOfSpeakers:(NSArray&lt;AgoraRtcAudioVolumeInfo *&gt; * _Nonnull)speakers
        totalVolume:(NSInteger)totalVolume;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onAudioVolumeIndication(const AudioVolumeInfo* speakers,
    unsigned int speakerNumber,
    int totalVolume) {
    (void)speakers;
    (void)speakerNumber;
    (void)totalVolume;
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onAudioVolumeIndication?(connection: RtcConnection, speakers: AudioVolumeInfo[], speakerNumber: number, totalVolume: number): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnAudioVolumeIndication(RtcConnection connection, AudioVolumeInfo[] speakers, uint speakerNumber, int totalVolume) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onAudioVolumeIndication?(
  connection: RtcConnection,
  speakers: AudioVolumeInfo[],
  speakerNumber: number,
  totalVolume: number
): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, List&lt;AudioVolumeInfo> speakers,
      int speakerNumber, int totalVolume)? onAudioVolumeIndication;
</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>By default, this callback is disabled. You can enable it by calling <xref keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication"/>. Once this callback is enabled and users send streams in the channel, the SDK triggers the <apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callback at the time interval set in <apiname keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication"/>. The SDK triggers two independent <apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication"/> callbacks simultaneously, which separately report the volume information of the local user who sends a stream and the remote users (up to three) whose instantaneous volume is the highest.</p>
            <note type="attention">After you enable this callback, calling <xref keyref="muteLocalAudioStream"/> affects the SDK's behavior as follows:<ul>
            <li>If the local user stops publishing the audio stream, the SDK stops triggering the local user's callback.</li>
            <li>20 seconds after a remote user whose volume is one of the three highest stops publishing the audio stream, the callback excludes this user's information; 20 seconds after all remote users stop publishing audio streams, the SDK stops triggering the callback for remote users.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <p conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/callback-desc" props="flutter"/>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>speakers</pt>
                <pd>The volume information of the users, see <xref keyref="AudioVolumeInfo"/>. Ifan empty <parmname>speakers</parmname> array in the callback indicates that no remote user is in the channel or sending a stream at the moment.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>speakerNumber</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The total number of users.<ul>
                    <li>在本地用户的回调中，只要本地用户在发流，<parmname>speakerNumber</parmname> 始终为 1。</li>
                    <li>In the callback for remote users, the value range of <parmname>speakerNumber</parmname> is [0,3]. If the number of remote users who send streams is greater than or equal to three, the value of <parmname>speakerNumber</parmname> is 3.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>totalVolume</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The volume of the speaker. The value ranges between 0 (lowest volume) and 255 (highest volume).<ul>
                    <li>In the callback for the local user, <parmname>totalVolume</parmname> is the volume of the local user who sends a stream.</li>
                    <li><ph>In the callback for remote users, <parmname>totalVolume</parmname> is the sum of the volume of all remote users (up to three) whose instantaneous volume is the highest. </ph><ph props="native">If the user calls <xref keyref="startAudioMixing2"/> , <parmname>totalVolume</parmname> is the volume after audio mixing.</ph></li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
