<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onrtmpstreamingstatechanged">
    <title> <ph keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the state of Media Push changes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onRtmpStreamingStateChanged(String url, int state, int reason) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine rtmpStreamingChangedToState:(NSString * _Nonnull)url
                                                                    state:(AgoraRtmpStreamingState)state
                                                                  reason:(AgoraRtmpStreamingReason)reason NS_SWIFT_NAME(rtcEngine(_:rtmpStreamingChangedToState:state:reason:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">  virtual void onRtmpStreamingStateChanged(const char* url, RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE state,
                                           RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON reason) {
    (void)url;
    (void)state;
    (void)reason;
  }</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">DECLARE_DYNAMIC_MULTICAST_DELEGATE_ThreeParams(FOnRtmpStreamingStateChanged, FString, url, ERTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE, state, ERTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON, errCode);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">  onRtmpStreamingStateChanged?(
    url: string,
    state: RtmpStreamPublishState,
    reason: RtmpStreamPublishReason
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnRtmpStreamingStateChanged(string url, RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE state, RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON reason)</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">  onRtmpStreamingStateChanged?(
    url: string,
    state: RtmpStreamPublishState,
    reason: RtmpStreamPublishReason
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(String url, RtmpStreamPublishState state,
    RtmpStreamPublishReason reason)? onRtmpStreamingStateChanged;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>When the state of Media Push changes, the SDK triggers this callback and reports the URL address and the current state of the Media Push. This callback indicates the state of the Media Push. When exceptions occur, you can troubleshoot issues by referring to the detailed error descriptions in the error code parameter.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title> <ph keyref="callback-section-title"/> </title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="url">
                <pt>url</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The URL address where the state of the Media Push changes.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="state">
                <pt>state</pt>
                <pd props="ios mac cpp unreal bp electron unity rn flutter cs">The current state of the Media Push. See <xref keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE"/>.</pd>
                <pd props="android">The current state of the Media Push:<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE_IDLE"/>(0): The Media Push has not started or has ended.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE_CONNECTING"/>(1): The streaming server and CDN server are being connected.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE_RUNNING"/>(2): The Media Push publishes. The SDK successfully publishes the RTMP or RTMPS streaming and returns this state.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE_RECOVERING"/>(3): The Media Push is recovering. When exceptions occur to the CDN, or the Media Push is interrupted, the SDK tries to resume the Media Push and returns this state.<ul>
                        <li>If the SDK successfully resumes the streaming, <ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE_RUNNING"/>(2) returns.</li>
                        <li>If the streaming does not resume within 60 seconds or server errors occur, <ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE_FAILURE"/>(4) returns. You can also reconnect to the server by calling the <xref keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding"/>/<xref keyref="startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding"/> and <xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> methods.</li>
                        </ul> </li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE_FAILURE"/>(4): The Media push fails. See the errCode parameter for the detailed error information.You can also try to publish streams again.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE_DISCONNECTING"/>(5): The SDK is disconnecting from the Agora Media Push server and CDN server. When you call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> to stop the Media Push normally, the SDK reports the Media Push state as <apiname keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE_DISCONNECTING"/> and <apiname keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_STATE_IDLE"/> in sequence.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="errCode">
                <pt>reason</pt>
                <pd props="ios mac cpp unreal bp electron unity rn flutter cs">Reasons for the changes in the Media Push status. See <xref keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON"/>.</pd>
                <pd props="android">Reasons for the changes in the Media Push status:<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_OK"/>(0): The Media Push publishes successfully.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_INVALID_ARGUMENT"/>(1): Invalid argument used. Check the parameter setting.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_ENCRYPTED_STREAM_NOT_ALLOWED"/>(2): The Media Push is encrypted and cannot be published.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT"/>(3): Timeout for the Media Push. You can try to push the stream again.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR"/>(4): An error occurs in Agora streaming server. You can try to publish media streams again.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_RTMP_SERVER_ERROR"/>(5): An error occurs in the CDN server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_TOO_OFTEN"/>(6): A reserved parameter.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_REACH_LIMIT"/>(7): The host publishes more than 10 URLs. You can stop publishing sreams to unnecessary URLs.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_NOT_AUTHORIZED"/>(8): The host manipulates other hosts' URLs. For example, the host updates or stops other hosts' streams. Check your app logic.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_STREAM_NOT_FOUND"/>(9): Agora's server fails to find the media stream of Media Push.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_FORMAT_NOT_SUPPORTED"/>(10): The format of the media push URL is not supported. Check whether the URL format is correct.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_NOT_BROADCASTER"/>(11): The user role is not host, so the user cannot use the Media Push function. Check your application code logic.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_TRANSCODING_NO_MIX_STREAM"/>(13): The <xref keyref="updateRtmpTranscoding"/> or <xref keyref="setLiveTranscoding"/> method is called to update the transcoding configuration in a scenario where there is Media Push without transcoding. Check your application code logic.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_NET_DOWN"/>(14): Errors occurred in the host's network.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_PUBLISH_REASON_INVALID_PRIVILEGE"/><ph>(16): Your project does not have permission to use Media Push service. </ph><ph props="hide">Refer to <xref keyref="guide-cdn-streaming">Media Push</xref> to enable the Media Push permission.</ph></li>
                    <li><ph keyref="RTMP_STREAM_UNPUBLISH_REASON_OK"/>(100): The Media Push has been stopped normally. After you call <xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> to stop the Media Push, the SDK returns this value.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
