<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_onlocalaudiostatechanged">
    <title> <ph keyref="onLocalAudioStateChanged"/> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the local audio stream state changes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onLocalAudioStateChanged"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnLocalAudioStateChanged(RtcConnection connection, LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE state, LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR error) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onLocalAudioStateChanged(int state, int error) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
    localAudioStateChanged:(AgoraAudioLocalState)state error:(AgoraAudioLocalError)error;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onLocalAudioStateChanged(LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE state, LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR error) {
    (void)state;
    (void)error;
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onLocalAudioStateChanged?(connection: RtcConnection, state: LocalAudioStreamState, error: LocalAudioStreamError): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnLocalAudioStateChanged(RtcConnection connection, LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE state, LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR error) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onLocalAudioStateChanged?(
  connection: RtcConnection,
  state: LocalAudioStreamState,
  error: LocalAudioStreamError
): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(RtcConnection connection, LocalAudioStreamState state,
      LocalAudioStreamError error)? onLocalAudioStateChanged;
</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p id="desc">When the state of the local audio stream changes (including the state of the audio capture and encoding), the SDK triggers this callback to report the current state. This callback indicates the state of the local audio stream, and allows you to troubleshoot issues when audio exceptions occur.</p>
            <note id="note" type="attention">When the state is <apiname keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_FAILED"/> (3), you can view the error information in the <parmname>error</parmname> parameter.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <p conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/callback-desc" props="flutter"/>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>connection</pt>
                <pd>The connection information. See <xref keyref="RtcConnection"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>state</pt>
                <pd props="ios mac cpp unity">The state of the local audio. See <xref keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE"/>.</pd>
                <pd props="android">The state of the local audio.<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_STOPPED"/>(0): The local video is in the initial state.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_RECORDING"/>(1): The local video capturing device starts successfully.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_ENCODING"/>(2): The first video frame is successfully encoded.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_STATE_FAILED"/>(3): Fails to start the local video.</li>
                </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>error</pt>
                <pd props="ios mac cpp unity">Local audio state error codes. See <xref keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR"/>.</pd>
                <pd props="android">Local audio state error codes.<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR_OK"/>0: The local audio is normal.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR_FAILURE"/>1: No specified reason for the local audio failure. Remind your users to try to rejoin the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR_DEVICE_NO_PERMISSION"/>2: No permission to use the local audio device. Remind your users to grant permission.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR_DEVICE_BUSY"/>3: The microphone is in use. Remind your users to check whether another application occupies the microphone. Local audio capture automatically resumes after the microphone is idle for about five seconds. You can also try to rejoin the channel after the microphone is idle.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR_RECORD_FAILURE"/>4: The local audio capture failed.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR_ENCODE_FAILURE"/>5: The local audio encoding fails.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_AUDIO_STREAM_ERROR_INTERRUPTED"/>8: The local audio capture is interrupted by system calls, Siri, and alarm clocks. Remind your users to end the phone call, Siri, or alarm clock if the local audio capture is required.</li>
                </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
