<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_ontranscodedstreamlayoutinfo">
    <title><ph keyref="onTranscodedStreamLayoutInfo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the local user receives a mixed video stream carrying layout information.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onTranscodedStreamLayoutInfo"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onTranscodedStreamLayoutInfo(int uid, VideoLayoutInfo info) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine didTranscodedStreamLayoutInfoUpdatedWithUserId:(NSUInteger)uid videoLayoutInfo:(AgoraVideoLayoutInfo* _Nonnull)videoLayoutInfo NS_SWIFT_NAME(rtcEngine(_:didTranscodedStreamLayoutInfoUpdatedWithUserId:videoLayoutInfo:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onTranscodedStreamLayoutInfo(uid_t uid, int width, int height, int layoutCount,const VideoLayout* layoutlist) {
    (void)uid;
    (void)width;
    (void)height;
    (void)layoutCount;
    (void)layoutlist;
  }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">UFUNCTION(BlueprintNativeEvent, Category = &quot;Agora|Event&quot;)
	void OnTranscodedStreamLayoutInfo(int64 uid, int width, int height, int layoutCount, const TArray&lt;FVideoLayout&gt;&amp; layoutlist);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnTranscodedStreamLayoutInfo(RtcConnection connection, uint uid, int width, int height, int layoutCount, VideoLayout[] layoutlist)</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onTranscodedStreamLayoutInfo?(
    connection: RtcConnection,
    uid: number,
    width: number,
    height: number,
    layoutCount: number,
    layoutlist: VideoLayout[]
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(
    RtcConnection connection,
    int uid,
    int width,
    int height,
    int layoutCount,
    List&lt;VideoLayout> layoutlist)? onTranscodedStreamLayoutInfo;</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Details</title>
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="android apple cpp">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.3.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>When the local user receives a mixed video stream sent by the video mixing server for the first time, or when there is a change in the layout information of the mixed stream, the SDK triggers this callback, reporting the layout information of each sub-video stream within the mixed video stream.</p>
            <note props="cpp unity flutter">This callback is for Android and iOS only.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="apple">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection" props="framework">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>User ID who published this mixed video stream.</pd>
            </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp framework">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>Width (px) of the mixed video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp framework">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>Heitht (px) of the mixed video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp framework">
                    <pt>layoutCount</pt>
                    <pd>The number of layout information in the mixed video stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="android hmos">info</pt>
                    <pt props="apple">videoLayoutInfo</pt>
                    <pt props="cpp framework">layoutlist</pt>
                    <pd>Layout information of a specific sub-video stream within the mixed stream. See <xref keyref="VideoLayout"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        </refbody>
</reference>
