<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_irtcengineeventhandler_onremotesubscribefallbacktoaudioonly">
    <title> <ph keyref="onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the remote media stream falls back to the audio-only stream due to poor network conditions or switches back to the video stream after the network conditions improve.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly(int uid, boolean isFallbackOrRecover) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
    didRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly:(BOOL)isFallbackOrRecover byUid:(NSUInteger)uid;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly(uid_t uid, bool isFallbackOrRecover) {
    (void)uid;
    (void)isFallbackOrRecover;
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">  onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly?(
    uid: number,
    isFallbackOrRecover: boolean
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly(uint uid, bool isFallbackOrRecover)</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">  onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly?(
    uid: number,
    isFallbackOrRecover: boolean
  ): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">  final void Function(int uid, bool isFallbackOrRecover)?
      onRemoteSubscribeFallbackToAudioOnly;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>If you call <xref keyref="setRemoteSubscribeFallbackOption"/>and set <parmname>option </parmname>to <apiname keyref="STREAM_FALLBACK_OPTION_AUDIO_ONLY"/>, the SDK triggers this callback in the following situations:<ul>
                    <li>The downstream network condition is poor, and the subscribed video stream is downgraded to audio-only stream.</li>
                    <li>The downstream network condition has improved, and the subscribed stream has been restored to video stream.</li>
                </ul></p>
            <note type="attention">Once the remote media stream switches to the low-quality video stream due to weak network conditions, you can monitor the stream switch between a high-quality and low-quality stream in the <xref keyref="onRemoteVideoStats"/>callback.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title> <ph keyref="callback-section-title" /> </title>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="uid">
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID of the remote user.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="isFallbackOrRecover">
                <pt>isFallbackOrRecover</pt>
                <pd>
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: The subscribed media stream falls back to audio-only due to poor network conditions.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: The subscribed media stream switches back to the video stream after the network conditions improve.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
