<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_ifaceinfoobserver_onfaceinfo">
    <title><ph keyref="onFaceInfo" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the facial information processed by speech driven extension is received.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onFaceInfo"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">boolean onFaceInfo(String outFaceInfo);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (BOOL)onFaceInfo:(NSString* _Nonnull)outFaceInfo NS_SWIFT_NAME(onFaceInfo(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual bool onFaceInfo(const char* outFaceInfo) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">onFaceInfo?(outFaceInfo: string): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual bool OnFaceInfo(string outFaceInfo)
        {
            return true;
        }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">onFaceInfo?(outFaceInfo: string): void;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">final void Function(String outFaceInfo)? onFaceInfo;</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.3.1</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>outFaceInfo</pt>
                <pd>Output parameter, the JSON string of the facial information processed by the voice driver plugin, including the following fields:<ul>
                    <li>faces: Object sequence. The collection of facial information, with each face corresponding to an object.</li>
                    <li>blendshapes: Object. The collection of face capture coefficients, named according to ARkit standards, with each key-value pair representing a blendshape coefficient. The blendshape coefficient is a floating point number with a range of [0.0, 1.0].</li>
                    <li>rotation: Object sequence. The rotation of the head, which includes the following three key-value pairs, with values as floating point numbers ranging from -180.0 to 180.0:<ul>
                        <li>pitch: Head pitch angle. A positve value means looking down, while a negative value means looking up.</li>
                        <li>yaw: Head yaw angle. A positve value means turning left, while a negative value means turning right.</li>
                        <li>roll: Head roll angle. A positve value means tilting to the right, while a negative value means tilting to the left.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li>timestamp: String. The timestamp of the output result, in milliseconds.</li>
                    </ul>
                <p><ph>Here is an example of JSON:</ph><codeblock outputclass="language-json">
{
    "faces":[{         
                "blendshapes":{
                                "eyeBlinkLeft":0.9, "eyeLookDownLeft":0.0, "eyeLookInLeft":0.0, "eyeLookOutLeft":0.0, "eyeLookUpLeft":0.0,
                                "eyeSquintLeft":0.0, "eyeWideLeft":0.0, "eyeBlinkRight":0.0, "eyeLookDownRight":0.0, "eyeLookInRight":0.0,
                                "eyeLookOutRight":0.0, "eyeLookUpRight":0.0, "eyeSquintRight":0.0, "eyeWideRight":0.0, "jawForward":0.0,
                                "jawLeft":0.0, "jawRight":0.0, "jawOpen":0.0, "mouthClose":0.0, "mouthFunnel":0.0, "mouthPucker":0.0,
                                "mouthLeft":0.0, "mouthRight":0.0, "mouthSmileLeft":0.0, "mouthSmileRight":0.0, "mouthFrownLeft":0.0,
                                "mouthFrownRight":0.0, "mouthDimpleLeft":0.0, "mouthDimpleRight":0.0, "mouthStretchLeft":0.0, "mouthStretchRight":0.0,
                                "mouthRollLower":0.0, "mouthRollUpper":0.0, "mouthShrugLower":0.0, "mouthShrugUpper":0.0, "mouthPressLeft":0.0,
                                "mouthPressRight":0.0, "mouthLowerDownLeft":0.0, "mouthLowerDownRight":0.0, "mouthUpperUpLeft":0.0, "mouthUpperUpRight":0.0,
                                "browDownLeft":0.0, "browDownRight":0.0, "browInnerUp":0.0, "browOuterUpLeft":0.0, "browOuterUpRight":0.0,
                                "cheekPuff":0.0, "cheekSquintLeft":0.0, "cheekSquintRight":0.0, "noseSneerLeft":0.0, "noseSneerRight":0.0,
                                "tongueOut":0.0
                            },
                "rotation":{"pitch":30.0, "yaw":25.5, "roll":-15.5},

            }],
    "timestamp":"654879876546"
}
                    </codeblock>
                </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Facial information JSON parsing successful.</li>
            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Facial information JSON parsing failed.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
