<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_watermarkbuffer">
    <title><ph keyref="WatermarkBuffer"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Used to configure the format, size, and pixel buffer of the watermark image.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class WatermarkBuffer {
  public final static int WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_I420 = 1;
  public final static int WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_BGRA = 2;
  public final static int WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_NV21 = 3;
  public final static int WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_RGBA = 4;
  public ByteBuffer buffer;
  public int width;
  public int height;
  public int format;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface WatermarkBuffer : NSObject
@property(assign, nonatomic) int width;
@property(assign, nonatomic) int height;
@property(assign, nonatomic) int length;
@property(strong, nonatomic) NSData* _Nullable buffer;
@property(assign, nonatomic) WatermarkBufferFormat format;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct WatermarkBuffer {
  int width;
  int height;
  int length;
  media::base::VIDEO_PIXEL_FORMAT format;
  const uint8_t* buffer;
  WatermarkBuffer() : buffer(NULL), width(0), height(0), length(0), format(media::base::VIDEO_PIXEL_I420) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since:</dt>
                <dd>Added since v4.6.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>This structure is used to configure the format, dimensions, and pixel buffer data of the watermark image.</p>
            </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">width</pt>
                <pd props="android">The width of the watermark buffer, in pixels.</pd>
                <pd props="ios">The width of the watermark image, in pixels.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The width of the watermark buffer.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">height</pt>
                <pd props="android">The height of the watermark buffer, in pixels.</pd>
                <pd props="ios">The height of the watermark image, in pixels.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The height of the watermark buffer.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp ios">
                <pt props="cpp ios">length</pt>
                <pd props="ios">The length of the buffer, in bytes.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">Length of the watermark buffer.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">format</pt>
                <pd props="android">Watermark buffer format.
                    <ul>
                        <li><codeph>WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_I420</codeph>: I420 format.</li>
                        <li><codeph>WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_BGRA</codeph>: BGRA format.</li>
                        <li><codeph>WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_NV21</codeph>: NV21 format.</li>
                        <li><codeph>WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_RGBA</codeph>: RGBA format.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                <pd props="ios">The format of the watermark buffer. See <xref keyref="WatermarkBufferFormat"/>.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The format of the watermark buffer. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_PIXEL_FORMAT"/> for details. The default value is <ph keyref="VIDEO_PIXEL_I420"/>. Currently supported formats include: <ph keyref="VIDEO_PIXEL_I420"/>, <ph keyref="VIDEO_PIXEL_RGBA"/>, <ph keyref="VIDEO_PIXEL_BGRA"/>, and <ph keyref="VIDEO_PIXEL_NV21"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">buffer</pt>
                <pd props="android">The buffer that stores the watermark image data. The buffer must match the specified format and dimensions, where the size should be width * height * bytesPerPixel.</pd>
                <pd props="ios">Raw image data buffer. See <codeph>NSData</codeph>.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The data of the watermark buffer.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android">
                <pt props="android">WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_I420</pt>
                <pd props="android">Specify the format of the watermark buffer as I420.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android">
                <pt props="android">WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_BGRA</pt>
                <pd props="android">Specify the format of the watermark buffer as BGRA.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android">
                <pt props="android">WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_NV21</pt>
                <pd props="android">Specify the format of the watermark buffer as NV21.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android">
                <pt props="android">WATERMARK_BUFFER_FORMAT_RGBA</pt>
                <pd props="android">Specifies the format of the watermark buffer as RGBA.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
            </refbody>
</reference>
