<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_logconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="LogConfig" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Configuration of Agora SDK log files.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class LogConfig {
  public String filePath;
  public int fileSizeInKB;
  public int level = Constants.LogLevel.getValue(Constants.LogLevel.LOG_LEVEL_INFO);
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraLogConfig: NSObject
@property (copy, nonatomic) NSString * _Nullable filePath;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSInteger fileSizeInKB;
@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraLogLevel level;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LogConfig
{
  const char* filePath;
  uint32_t fileSizeInKB;
  LOG_LEVEL level;
  LogConfig() : filePath(NULL), fileSizeInKB(DEFAULT_LOG_SIZE_IN_KB), level(OPTIONAL_LOG_LEVEL_SPECIFIER LOG_LEVEL_INFO) {}
};</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FLogConfig {

	GENERATED_BODY()

	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|LogConfig&quot;)
	FString filePath;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|LogConfig&quot;)
	int64 fileSizeInKB = 1024;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|LogConfig&quot;)
	TEnumAsByte&lt;ELOG_LEVEL&gt;	level = ELOG_LEVEL::LOG_LEVEL_INFO;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class LogConfig {

  filePath?: string;

  fileSizeInKB?: number;

  level?: LogLevel;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class LogConfig
    {
        public LogConfig()
        {
            filePath = "";
            fileSizeInKB = 0;
            level = LOG_LEVEL.LOG_LEVEL_INFO;
        }

        public LogConfig(string filePath, uint fileSize = 1024, LOG_LEVEL level = LOG_LEVEL.LOG_LEVEL_INFO)
        {
            this.filePath = filePath;
            this.fileSizeInKB = 0;
            this.level = level;
        }
        public string filePath { set; get; }
        public uint fileSizeInKB { set; get; }
        public LOG_LEVEL level { set; get; }
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class LogConfig {

  filePath?: string;

  fileSizeInKB?: number;

  level?: LogLevel;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class LogConfig {
  const LogConfig({this.filePath, this.fileSizeInKB, this.level});

  @JsonKey(name: 'filePath')
  final String? filePath;
  @JsonKey(name: 'fileSizeInKB')
  final int? fileSizeInKB;
  @JsonKey(name: 'level')
  final LogLevel? level;
  factory LogConfig.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$LogConfigFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$LogConfigToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>filePath</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The complete path of the log files. Agora recommends using the default log directory. If you need to modify the default directory, ensure that the directory you specify exists and is writable.</p>
                    <p props="cpp unreal bp unity electron rn cs">The default log directory is:<ul>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp unity rn flutter">Android：<filepath id="android-path">/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;packagename>/files/agorasdk.log</filepath>.</li>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp unity rn flutter">iOS：<filepath id="ios-path">App Sandbox/Library/caches/agorasdk.log</filepath>.</li>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp unity electron flutter">macOS:<ul id="mac-path">
                        <li>If Sandbox is enabled:<filepath> App Sandbox/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</filepath>. For example, <filepath>/Users/&lt;username>/Library/Containers/&lt;AppBundleIdentifier>/Data/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</filepath>.</li>
                        <li>If Sandbox is disabled: <filepath>~/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</filepath></li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp unity electron flutter cs">Windows: <filepath>C:\Users\&lt;user_name>\AppData\Local\Agora\&lt;process_name>\agorasdk.log</filepath>.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                    <p props="android">The default path is <filepath>/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;packagename>/files/agorasdk.log</filepath>.</p>
                    <p props="ios">The default path is <filepath>AppSandbox/Library/caches/agorasdk.log</filepath>.</p>
                    <p props="mac">The default path is:<ul>
                    <li>If Sandbox is enabled: <filepath>AppSandbox/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</filepath>. For example, <filepath>/Users/&lt;username>/Library/Containers/&lt;AppBundleIdentifier>/Data/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</filepath>.</li>
                    <li>If Sandbox is disabled: <filepath>~/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</filepath></li>
                    </ul>
                 </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>fileSizeInKB</pt>
                <pd>The size (KB) of an <codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph> file. The value range is [128,20480]. The default value is 2,048 KB. If you set <codeph>fileSizeInKByte</codeph> smaller than 128 KB, the SDK automatically adjusts it to 128 KB; if you set <codeph>fileSizeInKByte</codeph> greater than 20,480 KB, the SDK automatically adjusts it to 20,480 KB.</pd>
                <pd>
                    <note id="note_vwq_yfm_kqb" type="attention">
                    <p>This method applies to the <codeph>agorasdk.log</codeph> file only and does not take effect for the <codeph>agoraapi.log</codeph> file.</p>
                    </note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>level</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The output level of the SDK log file. See <xref keyref="LOG_LEVEL" />.</p>
                    <p>For example, if you set the log level to WARN, the SDK outputs the logs within levels FATAL, ERROR, and WARN.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
