<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_streamlayerconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="StreamLayerConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Configures parameters for a specific layer in multi-quality video streams.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class StreamLayerConfig {
    public VideoEncoderConfiguration.VideoDimensions dimensions;
    public int framerate;
    public boolean enable;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility(&amp;quot;default&amp;quot;))) @interface AgoraStreamLayerConfig: NSObject
@property (assign, nonatomic) CGSize dimensions;
@property (assign, nonatomic) int framerate;
@property (assign, nonatomic) BOOL enable;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct StreamLayerConfig {
  VideoDimensions dimensions;
  int framerate;
  bool enable;
  StreamLayerConfig() : dimensions(0, 0), framerate(0), enable(false) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since:</dt>
                <dd>Available since v4.6.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>Used to configure the resolution, frame rate, and enable status of a specific layer in multi-quality video streams.</p>
            </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt props="native">dimensions</pt>
                <pd props="android">Video frame dimensions. See <codeph>VideoEncoderConfiguration.VideoDimensions</codeph>.</pd>
                <pd props="apple">Video frame dimensions. Default is 0.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">Video frame dimensions. Default is 0. See <codeph>VideoDimensions</codeph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt props="native">framerate</pt>
                <pd props="native">The capture frame rate (fps) of the local video. Default is 0.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt props="native">enable</pt>
                <pd props="android">Whether to enable the video stream of the corresponding layer. Default is <codeph>false</codeph>.
                    <ul>
                        <li><codeph>true</codeph>: Enables the video stream of the corresponding layer.</li>
                        <li><codeph>false</codeph>: (default) Disables the video stream of the corresponding layer.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                <pd props="apple">Whether to enable the video stream of the corresponding layer.
                    <ul>
                        <li><codeph>YES</codeph>: Enables the video stream of the corresponding layer.</li>
                        <li><codeph>NO</codeph>: (default) Disables the video stream of the corresponding layer.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                <pd props="cpp">Whether to enable the video stream of the corresponding layer. Default is false.
                    <ul>
                        <li><codeph>true</codeph>: Enables the video stream of the corresponding layer.</li>
                        <li><codeph>false</codeph>: (default) Disables the video stream of the corresponding layer.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
            </refbody>
</reference>
