<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_injectstreamconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="InjectStreamConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Configurations of injecting an external audio or video stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class LiveInjectStreamConfig {
    public enum AudioSampleRateType {
TYPE_32000(32000),
TYPE_44100(44100),
TYPE_48000(48000);
}
public int width;
public int height;
public int videoGop;
public int videoFramerate;
public int videoBitrate;
public AudioSampleRateType audioSampleRate;
public int audioBitrate;
public int audioChannels;
    public LiveInjectStreamConfig() {
width = 0;
height = 0;
videoGop = 30;
videoFrameRate
videoBitrate = 400;
audioSampleRate = AudioSampleRateType.TYPE_44100;
audioBitrate = 48;
audioChannels = 1;
}
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraLiveInjectStreamConfig : NSObject
@property(assign, nonatomic) CGSize size;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger videoGop;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger videoFramerate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger videoBitrate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraAudioSampleRateType audioSampleRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger audioBitrate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger audioChannels;
+ (AgoraLiveInjectStreamConfig *_Nonnull)defaultConfig;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct InjectStreamConfig {
int width;
int height;
int videoGop;
videoFrameRate
videoBitrate
AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE audioSampleRate;
audioBitrate
audioChannels
    InjectStreamConfig()
: width(0)
, height(0)
, videoGop(30)
videoFrameRate
, videoBitrate(400)
, audioSampleRate(AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_48000)
, audioBitrate(48)
audioChannels
{}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class InjectStreamConfig {
width?: number
height?: number
videoGop?: number
videoFramerate?: number
videoBitrate?: number
audioSampleRate?: AudioSampleRateType
audioBitrate?: number
audioChannels?: number
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class InjectStreamConfig
{
public InjectStreamConfig()
{
width = 0;
height = 0;
videoGop = 30;
videoFrameRate
videoBitrate = 400;
audioSampleRate = AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE.AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_48000;
audioBitrate = 48;
audioChannels = 1;
}
        public InjectStreamConfig(int width, int height, int videoGop, int videoFramerate, int videoBitrate,
AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE audioSampleRate, int audioBitrate, int audioChannels)
{
this.width = width;
this.height = height;
this.videoGop = videoGop;
this.videoFramerate = videoFramerate;
this.videoBitrate = videoBitrate;
this.audioSampleRate = audioSampleRate;
this.audioBitrate = audioBitrate;
this.audioChannels = audioChannels;
}
        public int width { set; get; }
public int height { set; get; }
public int videoGop { set; get; }
public int videoFramerate { set; get; }
public int videoBitrate { set; get; }
public AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE audioSampleRate { set; get; }
public int audioBitrate { set; get; }
public int audioChannels { set; get; }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class InjectStreamConfig {
const InjectStreamConfig(
{this.width,
this.height,
this.videoGop,
this.videoFramerate,
this.videoBitrate,
this.audioSampleRate,
this.audioBitrate,
this.audioChannels});
  @JsonKey(name: 'width')
final int? width;
@JsonKey(name: 'height')
final int? height;
@JsonKey(name: 'videoGop')
final int? videoGop;
@JsonKey(name: 'videoFramerate')
final int? videoFramerate;
@JsonKey(name: 'videoBitrate')
final int? videoBitrate;
@JsonKey(name: 'audioSampleRate')
final AudioSampleRateType? audioSampleRate;
@JsonKey(name: 'audioBitrate')
final int? audioBitrate;
@JsonKey(name: 'audioChannels')
final int? audioChannels;
factory InjectStreamConfig.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
_$InjectStreamConfigFromJson(json);
Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$InjectStreamConfigToJson(this);
}</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <note conkeyref="addInjectStreamUrl/inject-sunset-note" props="en"/> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text
            conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
            /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="android cpp unity flutter electron rn">
                <pt>width</pt>
                <pd>The width of the external video stream after injecting. The default value is 0, which represents the same width as the original.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp unity flutter electron rn">
                <pt>height</pt>
                <pd>The height of the external video stream after injecting. The default value is 0, which represents the same height as the original.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>size</pt>
                <pd>The size of the external video stream after injecting.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>videoGop</pt>
                <pd>The GOP (in frames) of injecting the external video stream. The default value is 30.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>videoFrameRate</pt>
                <pd>The frame rate (fps) of injecting the external video stream. The default rate is 15 fps.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>videoBitrate</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The bitrate (Kbps) of injecting the external video stream. The default value is 400 Kbps.</p>
                    <note type="attention"
                    >The bitrate setting is closely linked to the video resolution. If the bitrate you set is beyond a reasonable range, the SDK sets it within a reasonable range.</note>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioSampleRate</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The sampling rate (Hz) of injecting the external audio stream. The default value is 48000 Hz. See <xref
                    keyref="AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE"/>.</p>
                    <note type="attention">Agora recommends using the default value.</note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioBitrate</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The bitrate (Kbps) of injecting the external audio stream.  The default value is 48 Kbps.</p>
                    <note type="attention">Agora recommends using the default value.</note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioChannels</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>外部音频流输入后的频道数。

                    
                    <ul>
                    <li>1: (Default) Mono.</li>
                    <li>2: Stereo.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                    <note type="attention">Agora recommends using the default value.</note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
