<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_thumbimagebuffer">
    <title><ph keyref="ThumbImageBuffer"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The image content of the thumbnail or icon. Set in <xref
        keyref="ScreenCaptureSourceInfo"/>.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ThumbImageBuffer {
  const char* buffer;
  unsigned int length;
  unsigned int width;
  unsigned int height;
  ThumbImageBuffer() : buffer(nullptr), length(0), width(0), height(0) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ThumbImageBuffer {
  buffer?: Uint8Array
  length?: number
  width?: number
  height?: number
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class ThumbImageBuffer
    {
        public Int64 buffer { set; get; }
        public uint length { set; get; }
        public uint width { set; get; }
        public uint height { set; get; }

        public ThumbImageBuffer()
        {
            buffer = 0;
            length = 0;
            width = 0;
            height = 0;
        }
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class ThumbImageBuffer {
  const ThumbImageBuffer({this.buffer, this.length, this.width, this.height});

  @JsonKey(name: 'buffer', ignore: true)
  final Uint8List? buffer;
  @JsonKey(name: 'length')
  final int? length;
  @JsonKey(name: 'width')
  final int? width;
  @JsonKey(name: 'height')
  final int? height;
  factory ThumbImageBuffer.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$ThumbImageBufferFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$ThumbImageBufferToJson(this);
}
</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <note type="note">The default image is in the RGBA format. If you need to use another format, you need to convert the image on your own.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text
            conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
            /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>buffer</pt>
                <pd>The buffer of the thumbnail ot icon.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>length</pt>
                <pd>The buffer length of the thumbnail or icon, in bytes.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>width</pt>
                <pd>The actual width (px) of the thumbnail or icon.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>height</pt>
                <pd>The actual height (px) of the thumbnail or icon.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
