<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_faceshapebeautyoptions">
    <title> <ph keyref="FaceShapeBeautyOptions" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The facial enhancement style options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class FaceShapeBeautyOptions {
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_FEMALE = 0;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_MALE = 1;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_NATURAL = 2;

  public int shapeStyle;
  public int styleIntensity;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraFaceShapeBeautyOptions: NSObject
@property(nonatomic, assign) AgoraFaceShapeStyle shapeStyle;
@property(nonatomic, assign) int styleIntensity;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct FaceShapeBeautyOptions {
  enum FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE {
    FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_FEMALE = 0,
    FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_MALE = 1,
    FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_NATURAL = 2,
  };

  FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE shapeStyle;

  int styleIntensity;

  FaceShapeBeautyOptions(FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE shapeStyle, int styleIntensity) : shapeStyle(shapeStyle), styleIntensity(styleIntensity) {}

  FaceShapeBeautyOptions() : shapeStyle(FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_FEMALE), styleIntensity(50) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FUABT_FaceShapeBeautyOptions {
	GENERATED_BODY()

public:

	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite)
	EUABT_FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE shapeStyle = EUABT_FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE::FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_FEMALE;

	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite)
	int styleIntensity = 50;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class FaceShapeBeautyOptions {
  shapeStyle?: FaceShapeBeautyStyle;
  styleIntensity?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class FaceShapeBeautyOptions
    {
        public FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE shapeStyle;

        public int styleIntensity;
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-cpp">export class FaceShapeBeautyOptions {
  shapeStyle?: FaceShapeBeautyStyle;
  styleIntensity?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">
class FaceShapeBeautyOptions {

  const FaceShapeBeautyOptions({this.shapeStyle, this.styleIntensity});

  @JsonKey(name: 'shapeStyle')
  final FaceShapeBeautyStyle? shapeStyle;

  @JsonKey(name: 'styleIntensity')
  final int? styleIntensity;

  factory FaceShapeBeautyOptions.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$FaceShapeBeautyOptionsFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$FaceShapeBeautyOptionsToJson(this);
}
</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title> <text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" />
            </title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>shapeStyle</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="cpp ios mac unreal bp unity flutter electron rn cs">Facial enhancement style options: <xref keyref="FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE" />.</p>
                    <p props="android hmos">Facial enhancement style options:<ul>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_FEMALE" />0: (Default) Female.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_MALE" />1: Male.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_BEAUTY_STYLE_NATURAL" />(2): The natural style beauty effect only makes minimal adjustments to facial features.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>styleIntensity</pt>
                <pd>The intensity of the facial enhancement style, with a value range oof [0.0,1.0]. The default value is 0.0, which means no face enhancement effect. The higher the value, the more obvious the facial enhancement effect.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
