<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_transcodingvideostream">
    <title><ph keyref="TranscodingVideoStream"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The video streams for the video mixing on the local client.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraTranscodingVideoStream: NSObject
@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraMediaSourceType sourceType;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger remoteUserUid;
@property (copy, nonatomic) NSString * _Nullable imageUrl;
@property (assign, nonatomic) CGRect rect;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSInteger zOrder;
@property(assign, nonatomic) double alpha;

@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct TranscodingVideoStream {
  agora::media::MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType;
  uid_t remoteUserUid;
  const char* imageUrl;
  int x;
  int y;
  int width;
  int height;
  int zOrder;
  double alpha;
  bool mirror;

  TranscodingVideoStream()
      : sourceType(agora::media::PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE),
        remoteUserUid(0),
        imageUrl(NULL),
        x(0),
        y(0),
        width(0),
        height(0),
        zOrder(0),
        alpha(1.0),
        mirror(false) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class TranscodingVideoStream {
  sourceType?: MediaSourceType
  remoteUserUid?: number
  imageUrl?: string
  x?: number
  y?: number
  width?: number
  height?: number
  zOrder?: number
  alpha?: number
  mirror?: boolean
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class TranscodingVideoStream
    {
        public TranscodingVideoStream()
        {
            this.sourceType = MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE.PRIMARY_CAMERA_SOURCE;
            remoteUserUid = 0;
            imageUrl = null;
            x = 0;
            y = 0;
            width = 0;
            height = 0;
            zOrder = 0;
            alpha = 1.0;
            mirror = false;
        }

        public TranscodingVideoStream(MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType, uint remoteUserUid,
            string imageUrl, int x, int y, int width, int height, int zOrder, double alpha,
            bool mirror)
        {
            this.sourceType = sourceType;
            this.remoteUserUid = remoteUserUid;
            this.imageUrl = imageUrl;
            this.x = x;
            this.y = y;
            this.width = width;
            this.height = height;
            this.zOrder = zOrder;
            this.alpha = alpha;
            this.mirror = mirror;
        }

        public MEDIA_SOURCE_TYPE sourceType { set; get; }
        public uint remoteUserUid { set; get; }
        public string imageUrl { set; get; }
        public int x { set; get; }
        public int y { set; get; }
        public int width { set; get; }
        public int height { set; get; }
        public int zOrder { set; get; }
        public double alpha { set; get; }
        public bool mirror { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class TranscodingVideoStream {
  sourceType?: MediaSourceType;
  remoteUserUid?: number;
  imageUrl?: string;
  x?: number;
  y?: number;
  width?: number;
  height?: number;
  zOrder?: number;
  alpha?: number;
  mirror?: boolean;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class TranscodingVideoStream {
  const TranscodingVideoStream(
      {this.sourceType,
      this.remoteUserUid,
      this.imageUrl,
      this.x,
      this.y,
      this.width,
      this.height,
      this.zOrder,
      this.alpha,
      this.mirror});

  @JsonKey(name: 'sourceType')
  final MediaSourceType? sourceType;
  @JsonKey(name: 'remoteUserUid')
  final int? remoteUserUid;
  @JsonKey(name: 'imageUrl')
  final String? imageUrl;
  @JsonKey(name: 'x')
  final int? x;
  @JsonKey(name: 'y')
  final int? y;
  @JsonKey(name: 'width')
  final int? width;
  @JsonKey(name: 'height')
  final int? height;
  @JsonKey(name: 'zOrder')
  final int? zOrder;
  @JsonKey(name: 'alpha')
  final double? alpha;
  @JsonKey(name: 'mirror')
  final bool? mirror;
  factory TranscodingVideoStream.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$TranscodingVideoStreamFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$TranscodingVideoStreamToJson(this);
}

@JsonSerializable(explicitToJson: true)
class LocalTranscoderConfiguration {
  const LocalTranscoderConfiguration(
      {this.streamCount,
      this.videoInputStreams,
      this.videoOutputConfiguration});

  @JsonKey(name: 'streamCount')
  final int? streamCount;
  @JsonKey(name: 'VideoInputStreams')
  final List&lt;TranscodingVideoStream>? videoInputStreams;
  @JsonKey(name: 'videoOutputConfiguration')
  final VideoEncoderConfiguration? videoOutputConfiguration;
  factory LocalTranscoderConfiguration.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$LocalTranscoderConfigurationFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$LocalTranscoderConfigurationToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text
            conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
            /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>sourceType</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The source type of video for the video mixing on the local client. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>remoteUserUid</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The ID of the remote user.<note id="note_m2h_lxn_3qb" type="attention">Use this parameter only when the source type of the video for the video mixingonthe local client is <apiname keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_REMOTE" />.</note></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>connectionId</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The connection ID corresponding to the remote user.<note id="note_m5b_qxn_3qb" type="attention">
                    <ul id="ul_llv_qxn_3qb">
                    <li>Use this parameter only when the source type of the video for the video mixing onthe local client is <apiname keyref="VIDEO_SOURCE_REMOTE"
                        />.</li>
                    <li>If joining only one channel, set this parameter to the default value.</li>
                    </ul> </note></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>imageUrl</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The URL of the image.<note id="note_rm5_xxn_3qb" type="attention">Use this parameter only when the source type of the video for the video mixing on the local client is <codeph props="cpp">RTC_IMAGE</codeph><codeph props="ios mac">image</codeph>.</note></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>x</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The horizontal displacement of the top-left corner of the video for the video mixing on the client relative to the top-left corner (origin) of the canvas for this video mixing.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>y</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The vertical displacement of the top-left corner of the video for the video mixing on the client relative to the top-left corner (origin) of the canvas for this video mixing.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>width</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The width (px) of the video for the video mixing on the local client.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>height</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The height (px) of the video for the video mixing on the local client.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>rect</pt>
                <pd>The position and video size of the upper left corner of the video participating in the video mixing relative to the upper left corner (origin) of the composite image canvas. The type is CGRect.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>zOrder</pt>
                <pd>The number of the layer to which the video for the video mixing on the local client belongs. The value range is [0,100].<ul>
                    <li>0: (Default) The layer is at the bottom.</li>
                    <li>100: The layer is at the top.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>alpha</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The transparency of the video for the video mixing on the local client. The value range is [0.0,1.0]. 0.0 means the transparency is completely transparent. 1.0 means the transparency is opaque.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt>mirror</pt>
                <pd>Whether to mirror the video for the video mixing on the local client.<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Mirror the captured video.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Do not mirror the captured video.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <note id="note_erc_ryn_3qb" type="attention"
                    >The paramter only works for videos with the source type <codeph props="cpp unity flutter"
                    >CAMERA</codeph><codeph props="ios mac"
                    >Camera</codeph>.</note></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
