<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_leavechanneloptions">
    <title><ph keyref="LeaveChannelOptions" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The options for leaving a channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class LeaveChannelOptions {
  public boolean stopAudioMixing;
  public boolean stopAllEffect;
  public boolean stopMicrophoneRecording;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraLeaveChannelOptions : NSObject
@property(nonatomic, assign) BOOL stopAudioMixing;
@property(nonatomic, assign) BOOL stopAllEffect;
@property(nonatomic, assign) BOOL stopMicrophoneRecording;

@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LeaveChannelOptions {
  bool stopAudioMixing;
  bool stopAllEffect;
  bool stopMicrophoneRecording;
  LeaveChannelOptions() : stopAudioMixing(true), stopAllEffect(true), stopMicrophoneRecording(true) {}
};
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class LeaveChannelOptions {
  
  stopAudioMixing?: boolean;
  
  stopAllEffect?: boolean;
  
  stopMicrophoneRecording?: boolean;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class LeaveChannelOptions
    {
        public LeaveChannelOptions()
        {
            stopAudioMixing = true;
            stopAllEffect = true;
            stopMicrophoneRecording = true;
        }

        public bool stopAudioMixing { set; get; }
        public bool stopAllEffect { set; get; }
        public bool stopMicrophoneRecording { set; get; }
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class LeaveChannelOptions {
  
  stopAudioMixing?: boolean;
  
  stopAllEffect?: boolean;
  
  stopMicrophoneRecording?: boolean;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class LeaveChannelOptions {
  const LeaveChannelOptions(
      {this.stopAudioMixing, this.stopAllEffect, this.stopMicrophoneRecording});

  @JsonKey(name: 'stopAudioMixing')
  final bool? stopAudioMixing;
  @JsonKey(name: 'stopAllEffect')
  final bool? stopAllEffect;
  @JsonKey(name: 'stopMicrophoneRecording')
  final bool? stopMicrophoneRecording;
  factory LeaveChannelOptions.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$LeaveChannelOptionsFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$LeaveChannelOptionsToJson(this);
}
</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>stopAudioMixing</pt>
                <pd>Whether to stop playing and mixing the music file when a user leaves the channel.
                    
                    <ul id="ul_ttv_f2n_3qb">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Stop playing and mixing the music file.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not stop playing and mixing the music file.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>stopAllEffect</pt>
                <pd>Whether to stop playing all audio effects when a user leaves the channel.
                    
                    <ul id="ul_tgl_m2n_3qb">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Stop playing all audio effects.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not stop playing any audio effect.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>stopMicrophoneRecording</pt>
                <pd>Whether to stop microphone recording when a user leaves the channel.                 
                    
                    <ul id="ul_dy1_s2n_3qb">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Stop microphone recording.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not stop microphone recording.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>