<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_spatialaudiozone">
    <title><ph keyref="SpatialAudioZone" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sound insulation area settings.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class SpatialAudioZone {
  public int zoneSetId;
  public float[] position;
  public float[] forward;
  public float[] right;
  public float[] up;
  public float forwardLength;
  public float rightLength;
  public float upLength;
  public float audioAttenuation;
  public SpatialAudioZone() {
    zoneSetId = -1;
    position = new float[] {0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f};
    forward = new float[] {0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f};
    right = new float[] {0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f};
    up = new float[] {0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f};
    forwardLength = 0.0f;
    rightLength = 0.0f;
    upLength = 0.0f;
    audioAttenuation = 0.0f;
  }
  @CalledByNative
  public float[] getPosition() {
    return position;
  }
  @CalledByNative
  public float[] getForward() {
    return forward;
  }
  @CalledByNative
  public float[] getRight() {
    return right;
  }
  @CalledByNative
  public float[] getUp() {
    return up;
  }
  @CalledByNative
  public int getZoneSetId() {
    return zoneSetId;
  }
  @CalledByNative
  public float getForwardLength() {
    return forwardLength;
  }
  @CalledByNative
  public float getRightLength() {
    return rightLength;
  }
  @CalledByNative
  public float getUpLength() {
    return upLength;
  }
  @CalledByNative
  public float getAudioAttenuation() {
    return audioAttenuation;
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraSpatialAudioZone : NSObject
@property(assign, nonatomic)  NSInteger zoneSetId;
@property(strong, nonatomic)  NSArray&lt;NSNumber*&gt; * _Nonnull position;
@property(strong, nonatomic)  NSArray&lt;NSNumber*&gt; * _Nonnull forward;
@property(strong, nonatomic)  NSArray&lt;NSNumber*&gt; * _Nonnull right;
@property(strong, nonatomic)  NSArray&lt;NSNumber*&gt; * _Nonnull up;
@property(assign, nonatomic)  float forwardLength;
@property(assign, nonatomic)  float rightLength;
@property(assign, nonatomic)  float upLength;
@property(assign, nonatomic) float audioAttenuation;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct SpatialAudioZone {
  int zoneSetId;
  float position[3];
  float forward[3];
  float right[3];
  float up[3];
  float forwardLength;
  float rightLength;
  float upLength;
  float audioAttenuation;
  SpatialAudioZone() = default;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp" />
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class SpatialAudioZone {
  zoneSetId?: number;
  position?: number[];
  forward?: number[];
  right?: number[];
  up?: number[];
  forwardLength?: number;
  rightLength?: number;
  upLength?: number;
  audioAttenuation?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class SpatialAudioZone
    {
        public int zoneSetId;
        public float[] position;
        public float[] forward;
        public float[] right;
        public float[] up;
        public float forwardLength;
        public float rightLength;
        public float upLength;
        public float audioAttenuation;
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class SpatialAudioZone {
  zoneSetId?: number;
  position?: number[];
  forward?: number[];
  right?: number[];
  up?: number[];
  forwardLength?: number;
  rightLength?: number;
  upLength?: number;
  audioAttenuation?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class SpatialAudioZone {
  const SpatialAudioZone(
      {this.zoneSetId,
      this.position,
      this.forward,
      this.right,
      this.up,
      this.forwardLength,
      this.rightLength,
      this.upLength,
      this.audioAttenuation});

  @JsonKey(name: 'zoneSetId')
  final int? zoneSetId;

  @JsonKey(name: 'position')
  final List&lt;double&gt;? position;

  @JsonKey(name: 'forward')
  final List&lt;double&gt;? forward;

  @JsonKey(name: 'right')
  final List&lt;double&gt;? right;

  @JsonKey(name: 'up')
  final List&lt;double&gt;? up;

  @JsonKey(name: 'forwardLength')
  final double? forwardLength;

  @JsonKey(name: 'rightLength')
  final double? rightLength;

  @JsonKey(name: 'upLength')
  final double? upLength;

  @JsonKey(name: 'audioAttenuation')
  final double? audioAttenuation;

  factory SpatialAudioZone.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$SpatialAudioZoneFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$SpatialAudioZoneToJson(this);
}</codeblock>            
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp" /></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.0.1</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p />
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>zoneSetId</pt>
                <pd>The ID of the sound insulation area.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>position</pt>
                <pd>The spatial center point of the sound insulation area. This parameter is an array of length 3, and the three values represent the front, right, and top coordinates in turn.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>forward</pt>
                <pd>Starting at <parmname>position</parmname>, the forward unit vector. This parameter is an array of length 3, and the three values represent the front, right, and top coordinates in turn.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>right</pt>
                <pd>Starting at <parmname>position</parmname>, the right unit vector. This parameter is an array of length 3, and the three values represent the front, right, and top coordinates in turn.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>up</pt>
                <pd>Starting at <parmname>position</parmname>, the up unit vector. This parameter is an array of length 3, and the three values represent the front, right, and top coordinates in turn.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>forwardLength</pt>
                <pd>The entire sound insulation area is regarded as a cube; this represents the length of the forward side in the unit length of the game engine.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>rightLength</pt>
                <pd>The entire sound insulation area is regarded as a cube; this represents the length of the right side in the unit length of the game engine.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>upLength</pt>
                <pd>The entire sound insulation area is regarded as a cube; this represents the length of the up side in the unit length of the game engine.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioAttenuation</pt>
                <pd>The sound attenuation coefficient when users within the sound insulation area communicate with external users. The value range is [0,1]. The values are as follows:<ul>
                    <li>0: Broadcast mode, where the volume and timbre are not attenuated with distance, and the volume and timbre heard by local users do not change regardless of distance.</li>
                    <li>(0,0.5): Weak attenuation mode, that is, the volume and timbre are only weakly attenuated during the propagation process, and the sound can travel farther than the real environment.</li>
                    <li>0.5: (Default) simulates the attenuation of the volume in the real environment; the effect is equivalent to not setting the <parmname>audioAttenuation</parmname> parameter.</li>
                    <li>(0.5,1]: Strong attenuation mode (default value is 1), that is, the volume and timbre attenuate rapidly during propagation.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>