<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_channelmediarelayconfiguration">
    <title> <ph keyref="ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration" /> </title>
    <shortdesc>Configuration of cross channel media relay.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration {
  private ChannelMediaInfo srcInfo = null;
  private Map&lt;String, ChannelMediaInfo&gt; destInfos = null;

  public ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration() {
    destInfos = new HashMap&lt;String, ChannelMediaInfo&gt;();
    srcInfo = new ChannelMediaInfo(null, null, 0);
  }

  public void setSrcChannelInfo(ChannelMediaInfo srcInfo) {
    this.srcInfo = srcInfo;
  }

  public void setDestChannelInfo(String channelName, ChannelMediaInfo destInfo) {
    if (destInfos.size() &lt; Constants.MAX_CROSS_DEST_CHANNEL_SIZE) {
      destInfos.put(channelName, destInfo);
    }
  }

  public void removeDestChannelInfo(String channelName) {
    destInfos.remove(channelName);
  }

  public ChannelMediaInfo getSrcChannelMediaInfo() {
    return srcInfo;
  }

  public Map&lt;String, ChannelMediaInfo&gt; getDestChannelMediaInfos() {
    return destInfos;
  }
}
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraChannelMediaRelayConfiguration: NSObject

@property (strong, nonatomic, readonly) NSDictionary&lt;NSString *, AgoraChannelMediaRelayInfo *&gt; *_Nullable destinationInfos;
@property (strong, nonatomic) AgoraChannelMediaRelayInfo *_Nonnull sourceInfo;

- (BOOL)setDestinationInfo:(AgoraChannelMediaRelayInfo *_Nonnull)destinationInfo forChannelName:(NSString *_Nonnull)channelName;
- (BOOL)removeDestinationInfoForChannelName:(NSString *_Nonnull)channelName;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration {
	ChannelMediaInfo *srcInfo;
	ChannelMediaInfo *destInfos;
	int destCount;

	ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration()
			: srcInfo(nullptr)
			, destInfos(nullptr)
			, destCount(0)
	{}
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration {
  
  srcInfo?: ChannelMediaInfo;
  
  destInfos?: ChannelMediaInfo[];
  
  destCount?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration
    {
        public ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration()
        {
            srcInfo = null;
            destInfos = new ChannelMediaInfo[0];
            destCount = 0;
        }

        public ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration(ChannelMediaInfo srcInfo, ChannelMediaInfo[] destInfos, int destCount)
        {
            this.srcInfo = srcInfo;
            this.destInfos = destInfos ?? new ChannelMediaInfo[0];
            this.destCount = destCount;
        }
        public ChannelMediaInfo srcInfo { set; get; }
        public ChannelMediaInfo[] destInfos { set; get; }
        public int destCount { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration {
  
  srcInfo?: ChannelMediaInfo;
  
  destInfos?: ChannelMediaInfo[];
  
  destCount?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration {
    const ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration(
        {this.srcInfo, this.destInfos, this.destCount});

    @JsonKey(name: 'srcInfo')
    final ChannelMediaInfo? srcInfo;
    @JsonKey(name: 'destInfos')
    final List&lt;ChannelMediaInfo&gt;? destInfos;
    @JsonKey(name: 'destCount')
    final int? destCount;
    factory ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
        _$ChannelMediaRelayConfigurationFromJson(json);
    Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$ChannelMediaRelayConfigurationToJson(this);
  }</codeblock>            
            <codeblock props="unreal" outputclass="language-cpp" /></p>
        </section>
        <section props="android">
          <title>Method</title>
          <parml>
            <plentry>
              <pt>setSrcChannelInfo</pt>
              <pd>Sets the information of the source channel. See <xref keyref="setSrcChannelInfo" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>setDestChannelInfo</pt>
              <pd>Sets the information of the destination channel. See <xref keyref="setDestChannelInfo" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>removeDestChannelInfo</pt>
              <pd>Deletes the information of target channel. See <xref keyref="removeDestChannelInfo" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>getSrcChannelMediaInfo</pt>
              <pd>Gets the information of the source channel. See <xref keyref="getSrcChannelMediaInfo" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>getDestChannelMediaInfos</pt>
              <pd>Gets the information of the target channel. See <xref keyref="getDestChannelMediaInfos" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
          </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters" props="ios mac cpp framework">
            <title> <text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /> </title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp framework">srcInfo</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">sourceInfo</pt>
                <pd props="cpp ios mac framework">
                    <p>The information of the source channel. See <xref keyref="ChannelMediaInfo" />. It contains the following members:<ul>
                    <li><parmname>channelName</parmname>: The name of the source channel. The default value is <codeph><ph keyref="NULL" /></codeph>, which means the SDK applies the name of the current channel.</li>
                    <li><parmname>uid</parmname>: The unique user ID to identify the relay stream in the source channel. The default value is 0, which means the SDK generates a random <codeph>uid</codeph>. You must set it as 0.</li>
                    <li><parmname>token</parmname>: The <parmname>token</parmname> for joining the source channel. This token is generated with the <parmname>channelName</parmname> and <parmname>uid</parmname> you set in <parmname>srcInfo</parmname>.<ul>
                        <li>If you have not enabled the App Certificate, set this parameter as the default value <codeph><ph keyref="NULL" /></codeph>, which means the SDK applies the App ID.</li>
                        <li>If you have enabled the App Certificate, you must use the <parmname>token</parmname> generated with the <parmname>channelName</parmname> and <parmname>uid</parmname>, and the <parmname>uid</parmname> must be set as 0.</li>
                        </ul> </li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp framework">destInfos</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">destinationInfos</pt>
                <pd props="cpp ios mac framework">
                    <p>The information of the destination channel <apiname keyref="ChannelMediaInfo" />. It contains the following members:<ul>
                    <li><parmname>channelName</parmname>: The name of the destination channel.</li>
                    <li><parmname>uid</parmname>: The unique user ID to identify the relay stream in the destination channel. The value ranges from 0 to (2 <sup>32</sup>-1). To avoid user ID conflicts, this user ID must be different from any other user ID in the destination channel. The default value is 0, which means the SDK generates a random user ID.</li>
                    <li><parmname>token</parmname>: The <parmname>token</parmname> for joining the destination channel. It is generated with the <parmname>channelName</parmname> and <parmname>uid</parmname> you set in <parmname>destInfos</parmname>.<ul>
                        <li>If you have not enabled the App Certificate, set this parameter as the default value <codeph><ph keyref="NULL" /></codeph>, which means the SDK applies the App ID.</li>
                        <li>If you have enabled the App Certificate, you must use the <parmname>token</parmname> generated with the <parmname>channelName</parmname> and <parmname>uid</parmname>.</li>
                        </ul> </li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp framework">
                <pt>destCount</pt>
                <pd>The number of destination channels. The default value is 0, and the value range is from 0 to 4. Ensure that the value of this parameter corresponds to the number of <apiname keyref="ChannelMediaInfo" /> structs you define in <parmname>destInfo</parmname>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>setDestinationInfo</pt>
                <pd>Sets the information of the destination channel. See <xref keyref="setDestChannelInfo" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>removeDestinationInfoForChannelName</pt>
                <pd>Deletes the information of target channel. See <xref keyref="removeDestChannelInfo" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>