<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_lastmileproberesult">
    <title><ph keyref="LastmileProbeResult" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Results of the uplink and downlink last-mile network tests.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LastmileProbeResult {
                    LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE state;
                    LastmileProbeOneWayResult uplinkReport;
                    LastmileProbeOneWayResult downlinkReport;
                    unsigned int rtt;

                    LastmileProbeResult() : state(LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_UNAVAILABLE),
                    rtt(0) {}
                    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class LastmileProbeResult {

    public static class LastmileProbeOneWayResult {
      public int packetLossRate;
      public int jitter;
      public int availableBandwidth;
    }

    public short state;
    public int rtt;
    public LastmileProbeOneWayResult uplinkReport = new LastmileProbeOneWayResult();
    public LastmileProbeOneWayResult downlinkReport = new LastmileProbeOneWayResult();
  }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraLastmileProbeResult : NSObject

@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraLastmileProbeResultState state;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger rtt;
@property (strong, nonatomic) AgoraLastmileProbeOneWayResult *_Nonnull uplinkReport;
@property (strong, nonatomic) AgoraLastmileProbeOneWayResult *_Nonnull downlinkReport;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class LastmileProbeResult {
  state?: LastmileProbeResultState
  uplinkReport?: LastmileProbeOneWayResult
  downlinkReport?: LastmileProbeOneWayResult
  rtt?: number
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class LastmileProbeResult
    {
        public LastmileProbeResult()
        {
            state = LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE.LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_UNAVAILABLE;
            rtt = 0;
        }

        public LastmileProbeResult(LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE state, LastmileProbeOneWayResult uplinkReport,
            LastmileProbeOneWayResult downlinkReport, uint rtt)
        {
            this.state = state;
            this.uplinkReport = uplinkReport;
            this.downlinkReport = downlinkReport;
            this.rtt = rtt;
        }
        public LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE state { set; get; }
        public LastmileProbeOneWayResult uplinkReport { set; get; }
        public LastmileProbeOneWayResult downlinkReport { set; get; }
        public uint rtt { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class LastmileProbeResult {
  state?: LastmileProbeResultState;
  uplinkReport?: LastmileProbeOneWayResult;
  downlinkReport?: LastmileProbeOneWayResult;
  rtt?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class LastmileProbeResult {
  const LastmileProbeResult(
      {this.state, this.uplinkReport, this.downlinkReport, this.rtt});

  @JsonKey(name: 'state')
  final LastmileProbeResultState? state;
  @JsonKey(name: 'uplinkReport')
  final LastmileProbeOneWayResult? uplinkReport;
  @JsonKey(name: 'downlinkReport')
  final LastmileProbeOneWayResult? downlinkReport;
  @JsonKey(name: 'rtt')
  final int? rtt;
  factory LastmileProbeResult.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$LastmileProbeResultFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$LastmileProbeResultToJson(this);
}
</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>state</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="ios mac cpp unity electron rn flutter">The status of the last-mile probe test. See <xref keyref="LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE" /> .</p>
                    <p props="android">The status of the last-mile network tests, which includes:<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_COMPLETE" />(1): The last-mile network probe test is complete.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_INCOMPLETE_NO_BWE" />(2): The last-mile network probe test is incomplete because the bandwidth estimation is not available due to limited test resources. One possible reason is that testing resources are temporarily limited.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_UNAVAILABLE" />(3): The last-mile network probe test is not carried out. Probably due to poor network conditions.</li></ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>uplinkReport</pt>
                <pd>Results of the uplink last-mile network test. See <xref keyref="LastmileProbeOneWayResult" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>downlinkReport</pt>
                <pd>Results of the downlink last-mile network test. See <xref keyref="LastmileProbeOneWayResult" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>rtt</pt>
                <pd>The round-trip time (ms).</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>