<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_musiccontentcenterconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="MusicContentCenterConfiguration" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The configurations for music content center.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class MusicContentCenterConfiguration {
  public String appId;
  public String token;
  public long mccUid;
  public IMusicContentCenterEventHandler eventHandler;

  public MusicContentCenterConfiguration() {
    this.appId = null;
    this.token = null;
    this.mccUid = 0;
    eventHandler = null;
  }

  public MusicContentCenterConfiguration(
      String appid, String token, long mccUid, IMusicContentCenterEventHandler eventHandler) {
    this.appId = appid;
    this.token = token;
    this.mccUid = mccUid;
    this.eventHandler = eventHandler;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public String getAppId() {
    return this.appId;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public String getToken() {
    return this.token;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public long getMccUid() {
    return this.mccUid;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public IMusicContentCenterEventHandler getEventHandler() {
    return eventHandler;
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraMusicContentCenterConfig : NSObject
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraRtcEngineKit* _Nullable rtcEngine;
@property (nonatomic, copy) NSString *appId;
@property (nonatomic, copy) NSString *token;
@property (nonatomic, assign) NSInteger mccUid;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct MusicContentCenterConfiguration {
    const char *appId;
    const char *token;
    int64_t mccUid;
    IMusicContentCenterEventHandler* eventHandler;
    MusicContentCenterConfiguration():appId(nullptr),token(nullptr),eventHandler(nullptr),mccUid(0){}
    MusicContentCenterConfiguration(const char*appid,const char* token,int64_t id,IMusicContentCenterEventHandler* handler):
        appId(appid),token(token),mccUid(id),eventHandler(handler){}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp" />
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class MusicContentCenterConfiguration {
  appId?: string;
  token?: string;
  mccUid?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class MusicContentCenterConfiguration
    {
        public string appId;
        public string token;
        public UInt64 mccUid;

        public MusicContentCenterConfiguration()
        {
            appId = "";
            token = "";
            mccUid = 0;
        }

        public MusicContentCenterConfiguration(string appId, string token, UInt64 uid)
        {
            this.appId = appId;
            this.token = token;
            this.mccUid = uid;
        }
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class MusicContentCenterConfiguration {
  appId?: string;
  token?: string;
  mccUid?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class MusicContentCenterConfiguration {
  const MusicContentCenterConfiguration({this.appId, this.token, this.mccUid});

  @JsonKey(name: 'appId')
  final String? appId;

  @JsonKey(name: 'token')
  final String? token;

  @JsonKey(name: 'mccUid')
  final int? mccUid;

  factory MusicContentCenterConfiguration.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$MusicContentCenterConfigurationFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt;
      _$MusicContentCenterConfigurationToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp" /></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.1.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="apple">
                <pt>rtcEngine</pt>
                <pd>The <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine" /> instance.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>appId</pt>
                <pd>The App ID of the project that has enabled music content center.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>token</pt>
                <pd>使用音乐内容中心时，用于鉴权的 Agora Token。 When your token is about to expire, you can call <xref keyref="renewToken_IMusicContentCenter" /> to pass in a new token.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>mccUid</pt>
                <pd>The ID of the user who uses music content center. This ID can be the same as the <codeph>uid</codeph> used when joining the RTC channel, but cannot be 0. </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp">
                <pt>eventHandler</pt>
                <pd>The event callbacks to be received. See <xref keyref="IMusicContentCenterEventHandler" /> for details.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>