<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_colorenhanceoptions">
    <title> <ph keyref="ColorEnhanceOptions" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The color enhancement options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class ColorEnhanceOptions {
    public float strengthLevel;
    public float skinProtectLevel;

  public ColorEnhanceOptions() {
    strengthLevel = 0.5f;
    skinProtectLevel = 1f;
  }

  public ColorEnhanceOptions(float strength, float skinProtect) {
    strengthLevel = strength;
    skinProtectLevel = skinProtect;
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraColorEnhanceOptions : NSObject
@property(nonatomic, assign) float strengthLevel;
@property(nonatomic, assign) float skinProtectLevel;
@end
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ColorEnhanceOptions {
    float strengthLevel;
    float skinProtectLevel;
  ColorEnhanceOptions(float stength, float skinProtect) : strengthLevel(stength), skinProtectLevel(skinProtect) {}
  ColorEnhanceOptions() : strengthLevel(0), skinProtectLevel(1) {}
};</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FColorEnhanceOptions
{
	GENERATED_BODY()
public:
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|ColorEnhanceOptions&quot;)
	float strengthLevel = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|ColorEnhanceOptions&quot;)
	float skinProtectLevel = 0;
	FColorEnhanceOptions(){}
	FColorEnhanceOptions(const agora::rtc::ColorEnhanceOptions &amp; AgoraData){
		strengthLevel = AgoraData.strengthLevel;
		skinProtectLevel = AgoraData.skinProtectLevel;
	}
	agora::rtc::ColorEnhanceOptions CreateAgoraData() const {
		agora::rtc::ColorEnhanceOptions AgoraData;
		AgoraData.strengthLevel = strengthLevel;
		AgoraData.skinProtectLevel = skinProtectLevel;
		return AgoraData;
	}
	void FreeAgoraData(agora::rtc::ColorEnhanceOptions&amp; AgoraData) const {
	}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-chsarp">public class ColorEnhanceOptions
    {
        public float strengthLevel { set; get; }
        public float skinProtectLevel { set; get; }

        public ColorEnhanceOptions(float stength, float skinProtect)
        {
            strengthLevel = stength;
            skinProtectLevel = skinProtect;
        }

        public ColorEnhanceOptions()
        {
            strengthLevel = 0;
            skinProtectLevel = 1;
        }
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ColorEnhanceOptions {
  
  strengthLevel?: number;
  
  skinProtectLevel?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ColorEnhanceOptions {
  
  strengthLevel?: number;
  
  skinProtectLevel?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class ColorEnhanceOptions {
  const ColorEnhanceOptions({this.strengthLevel, this.skinProtectLevel});
  @JsonKey(name: 'strengthLevel')
  final double? strengthLevel;
  @JsonKey(name: 'skinProtectLevel')
  final double? skinProtectLevel;
  factory ColorEnhanceOptions.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$ColorEnhanceOptionsFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$ColorEnhanceOptionsToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title> <text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /> </title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>strengthLevel</pt>
                <pd>The level of color enhancement. The value range is [0.0, 1.0]. <codeph>0.0</codeph> is the default value, which means no color enhancement is applied to the video. The higher the value, the higher the level of color enhancement. The default value is <codeph>0.5</codeph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>skinProtectLevel</pt>
                <pd><p>The level of skin tone protection. The value range is [0.0, 1.0]. <codeph>0.0</codeph> means no skin tone protection. The higher the value, the higher the level of skin tone protection. The default value is <codeph>1.0</codeph>.</p>
                    <p><ul><li>When the level of color enhancement is higher, the portrait skin tone can be significantly distorted, so you need to set the level of skin tone protection.</li><li>When the level of skin tone protection is higher, the color enhancement effect can be slightly reduced.</li></ul>Therefore, to get the best color enhancement effect, Agora recommends that you adjust <parmname>strengthLevel</parmname> and <parmname>skinProtectLevel</parmname> to get the most appropriate values.</p> </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
