<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_agorafacepositioninfo">
    <title> <ph keyref="AgoraFacePositionInfo"/> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The information of the detected human face.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class AgoraFacePositionInfo {
  public int x;
  public int y;
  public int width;
  public int height;
  public int distance;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">NS_SWIFT_NAME(AgoraFacePositionInfo) __attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraFacePositionInfo : NSObject
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger x NS_SWIFT_NAME(x);
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger y NS_SWIFT_NAME(y);
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger width NS_SWIFT_NAME(width);
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger height NS_SWIFT_NAME(height);
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger distance NS_SWIFT_NAME(distance);
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text
            conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
            /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>x</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The x-coordinate (px) of the human face in the local video.  The horizontal position relative to the origin, where the upper left corner of the captured video is the origin, and the x-coordinate is the upper left corner of the watermark.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>y</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The y-coordinate (px) of the human face in the local video.  Taking the top left corner of the captured video as the origin, the y coordinate represents the relative longitudinal displacement of the top left corner of the human face to the origin.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>width</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The width (px) of the human face in the captured video.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>height</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The height (px) of the human face in the captured video.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>distance</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The distance between the human face and the device screen (cm).</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
