<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_localaudiomixerconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="LocalAudioMixerConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The configurations for mixing the lcoal audio.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class LocalAudioMixerConfiguration {
  public ArrayList&lt;MixedAudioStream> audioInputStreams;
  public boolean syncWithLocalMic;
  public LocalAudioMixerConfiguration() {
    audioInputStreams = new ArrayList&lt;MixedAudioStream>();
    syncWithLocalMic = true;
  }
  public static class MixedAudioStream {
    public int remoteUserUid;
    public String channelId;
    public Constants.AudioSourceType sourceType;
    public int trackId;
    public MixedAudioStream() {
      this.sourceType = Constants.AudioSourceType.AUDIO_SOURCE_UNKNOWN;
      this.remoteUserUid = 0;
      this.channelId = "";
      this.trackId = 0;
    }
  };
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraLocalAudioMixerConfiguration: NSObject
@property(copy, nonatomic) NSArray&lt;AgoraMixedAudioStream *> *_Nullable audioInputStreams;
@property(assign, nonatomic) BOOL syncWithLocalMic;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LocalAudioMixerConfiguration {
  unsigned int streamCount;
  MixedAudioStream* audioInputStreams;
  bool syncWithLocalMic;
  LocalAudioMixerConfiguration() : streamCount(0), syncWithLocalMic(true) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FUABT_LocalAudioMixerConfiguration {

	GENERATED_BODY()

public:

	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite)
	TArray&lt;FUABT_MixedAudioStream> sourceStreams;

	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite)
	bool syncWithLocalMic;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class LocalAudioMixerConfiguration {
  streamCount?: number;
  audioInputStreams?: MixedAudioStream[];
  syncWithLocalMic?: boolean;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class LocalAudioMixerConfiguration
{
    public uint streamCount;
    public MixedAudioStream[] audioInputStreams;
    public bool syncWithLocalMic
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class LocalAudioMixerConfiguration {
  streamCount?: number;
  audioInputStreams?: MixedAudioStream[];
  syncWithLocalMic?: boolean;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class LocalAudioMixerConfiguration {
  const LocalAudioMixerConfiguration(
      {this.streamCount, this.audioInputStreams, this.syncWithLocalMic});

  @JsonKey(name: 'streamCount')
  final int? streamCount;

  @JsonKey(name: 'audioInputStreams')
  final List&lt;MixedAudioStream>? audioInputStreams;

  @JsonKey(name: 'syncWithLocalMic')
  final bool? syncWithLocalMic;

  factory LocalAudioMixerConfiguration.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$LocalAudioMixerConfigurationFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$LocalAudioMixerConfigurationToJson(this);
}</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v4.5.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p/>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="cpp unreal electron unity cs rn flutter">
                    <pt>streamCount</pt>
                    <pd>The number of the audio streams that are mixed locally.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>audioInputStreams</pt>
                    <pd>The source of the audio streams that are mixed locally. See <xref keyref="MixedAudioStream"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>syncWithLocalMic</pt>
                    <pd>Whether the mxied audio stream uses the timestamp of the audio frames captured by the local microphone.<ul>
                        <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: (Default) Yes. Set to this value if you want all locally captured audio streams synchronized.</li>
                        <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: No. The SDK uses the timestamp of the audio frames at the time when they are mixed.</li>
                        </ul></pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
                </refbody>
</reference>
