<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_contentinspectconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="ContentInspectConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Screenshot and upload configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android">public class ContentInspectConfig {
  public final static int CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_INVALID = 0;
  public final static int CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_SUPERVISE = 2;
  public final static int CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_IMAGE_MODERATION = 3;
  public static final int MAX_CONTENT_INSPECT_MODULE_COUNT = 32;
  public String extraInfo;
  public String serverConfig;
  public ContentInspectModule[] modules;
  public int moduleCount;

  public static class ContentInspectModule {
    public int type;
    public int interval;

    public ContentInspectModule() {
      type = CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_INVALID;
      interval = 0;
    }
  }

  public ContentInspectConfig() {
    modules = new ContentInspectModule[MAX_CONTENT_INSPECT_MODULE_COUNT];
    for (int i = 0; i &lt; MAX_CONTENT_INSPECT_MODULE_COUNT; i++) {
      modules[i] = new ContentInspectModule();
    }
    moduleCount = 0;
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">export class ContentInspectConfig {
  public static readonly MAX_CONTENT_INSPECT_MODULE_COUNT:number = 32;
  
  public extraInfo?:string;
  
  public serverConfig?:string;
  
  public modules? :Array&lt;ContentInspectModule&gt;;
  
  public moduleCount:number = 0;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraContentInspectConfig: NSObject
@property (nonatomic, copy) NSString* _Nullable extraInfo;
@property (nonatomic, copy) NSString* _Nullable serverConfig;
@property(copy, nonatomic) NSArray&lt;AgoraContentInspectModule*&gt;* _Nullable modules;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ContentInspectConfig {
  const char* extraInfo;
  const char* serverConfig;

  ContentInspectModule modules[MAX_CONTENT_INSPECT_MODULE_COUNT];
  int moduleCount;
   ContentInspectConfig&amp; operator=(const ContentInspectConfig&amp; rth)
	{
        extraInfo = rth.extraInfo;
        serverConfig = rth.serverConfig;
        moduleCount = rth.moduleCount;
		memcpy(&amp;modules, &amp;rth.modules,  MAX_CONTENT_INSPECT_MODULE_COUNT * sizeof(ContentInspectModule));
		return *this;
	}
  ContentInspectConfig() :extraInfo(NULL), serverConfig(NULL), moduleCount(0){}
};</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FContentInspectConfig
{
	GENERATED_BODY()
public:
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|ContentInspectConfig&quot;)
	FString extraInfo = &quot;&quot;;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|ContentInspectConfig&quot;)
	FString serverConfig;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|ContentInspectConfig&quot;)
	TArray&lt;FContentInspectModule&gt; modules;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|ContentInspectConfig&quot;)
	int moduleCount = 0;
	FContentInspectConfig(){}
	FContentInspectConfig(const agora::media::ContentInspectConfig &amp; AgoraData){
		extraInfo = UTF8_TO_TCHAR(AgoraData.extraInfo);
		serverConfig = UTF8_TO_TCHAR(AgoraData.serverConfig);
		moduleCount = AgoraData.moduleCount;
		for(int i = 0; i&lt; moduleCount; i++){
			modules.Add(FContentInspectModule(AgoraData.modules[i]));
		}
	}
	agora::media::ContentInspectConfig CreateAgoraData() const {
		agora::media::ContentInspectConfig AgoraData;
		SET_UABT_FSTRING_TO_CONST_CHAR___MEMALLOC(AgoraData.extraInfo,this-&gt;extraInfo)
		SET_UABT_FSTRING_TO_CONST_CHAR___MEMALLOC(AgoraData.serverConfig, this-&gt;serverConfig)
		AgoraData.moduleCount = moduleCount;
		for(int i = 0;i &lt; moduleCount; i++){
			AgoraData.modules[i] = modules[i].CreateAgoraData();
		}
		return AgoraData;
	}
	void FreeAgoraData(agora::media::ContentInspectConfig &amp; AgoraData) const {
		SET_UABT_FSTRING_TO_CONST_CHAR___MEMFREE(AgoraData.extraInfo)
		SET_UABT_FSTRING_TO_CONST_CHAR___MEMFREE(AgoraData.serverConfig)
		for (int i = 0; i &lt; moduleCount; i++) {
			FContentInspectModule ReleaseOperator;
			ReleaseOperator.FreeAgoraData(AgoraData.modules[i]);
		}
	}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ContentInspectConfig {

  extraInfo?: string;

  serverConfig?: string;

  modules?: ContentInspectModule[];

  moduleCount?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class ContentInspectConfig
                {
                    public string extraInfo;
                    public string serverConfig;
                    public ContentInspectModule[] modules;
                    public int moduleCount;

                    public ContentInspectConfig()
                    {
                        extraInfo = "";
                        serverConfig = "";
                        modules = null;
                        moduleCount = 0;
                    }
                };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class ContentInspectConfig {

  extraInfo?: string;

  serverConfig?: string;

  modules?: ContentInspectModule[];

  moduleCount?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">@JsonSerializable(explicitToJson: true, includeIfNull: false)
class ContentInspectConfig {
  const ContentInspectConfig(
      {this.extraInfo, this.serverConfig, this.modules, this.moduleCount});

  @JsonKey(name: &#x27;extraInfo&#x27;)
  final String? extraInfo;

  @JsonKey(name: &#x27;serverConfig&#x27;)
  final String? serverConfig;

  @JsonKey(name: &#x27;modules&#x27;)
  final List&lt;ContentInspectModule&gt;? modules;

  @JsonKey(name: &#x27;moduleCount&#x27;)
  final int? moduleCount;

  factory ContentInspectConfig.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$ContentInspectConfigFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$ContentInspectConfigToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="android hmos">
                <pt>CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_INVALID</pt>
                <pd>0: (Default) No actual function. Do not set <parmname>type</parmname> to this value.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="hide">
                <pt>CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_MODERATION</pt>
                <pd>1: Video content moderation. The SDK takes screenshots and inspect videos sent by local users, and uploads the screenshots and moderation results.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android hmos">
                <pt>CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_SUPERVISE</pt>
                <pd>2: Video screenshot and upload via Agora self-developed extension. The SDK takes screenshots of videos sent by local users and upload them.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android hmos">
                <pt>CONTENT_INSPECT_TYPE_IMAGE_MODERATION</pt>
                <pd>3: Video screenshot and upload via extensions from Agora Extensions Marketplace. SDK uses video moderation extensions from Agora Extensions Marketplace to take screenshots of the video stream in the channel and uploads them.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>extraInfo</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Additional information on the video content (maximum length: 1024 Bytes).</p>
                    <p>The SDK sends the screenshots and additional information on the video content to the Agora server. Once the video screenshot and upload process is completed, the Agora server sends the additional information and the callback notification to your server.</p>
                    <p props="hide">The SDK sends the screenshots and additional information on the video content to the Agora content moderation server. Once the content moderation process is completed, the Agora content moderation server sends the additional information and the content moderation results to your server.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native rn flutter unreal bp unity">
                <pt>serverConfig</pt>
                <pd>(Optional) Server configuration related to uploading video screenshots via extensions from Agora Extensions Marketplace. This parameter only takes effect when <codeph>type</codeph> in <xref keyref="ContentInspectModule"/> is set to <apiname keyref="CONTENT_INSPECT_IMAGE_MODERATION"/>. If you want to use it, contact <xref keyref="ticket-link" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>modules</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Functional module. See <xref keyref="ContentInspectModule"/>.</p>
                    <p>A maximum of 32 <apiname keyref="ContentInspectModule"/> instances can be configured, and the value range of <parmname>MAX_CONTENT_INSPECT_MODULE_COUNT</parmname> is an integer in [1,32].</p>
                    <note type="attention">A function module can only be configured with one instance at most. Currently only the video screenshot and upload function is supported.</note>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>moduleCount</pt>
                <pd>The number of functional modules, that is,the number of configured <apiname keyref="ContentInspectModule"/> instances, must be the same as the number of instances configured in <parmname>modules</parmname>. The maximum number is 32.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
