<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_multipathstats">
    <title><ph keyref="MultipathStats"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Aggregates statistics of each network path in multipath transmission.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class MultipathStats {
  public int lanTxBytes;
  public int lanRxBytes;
  public int wifiTxBytes;
  public int wifiRxBytes;
  public int mobileTxBytes;
  public int mobileRxBytes;
  public int activePathNum;
  public PathStats[] pathStats;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraMultipathStats : NSObject
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger lanRxBytes;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger lanTxBytes;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger wifiRxBytes;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger wifiTxBytes;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger mobileRxBytes;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger mobileTxBytes;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger activePathNum;
@property (copy, nonatomic) NSArray&amp;lt;AgoraPathStats *&amp;gt; *_Nullable pathStats NS_SWIFT_NAME(pathStats);
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct MultipathStats {
  uint32_t lanTxBytes;
  uint32_t lanRxBytes;
  uint32_t wifiTxBytes;
  uint32_t wifiRxBytes;
  uint32_t mobileTxBytes;
  uint32_t mobileRxBytes;
  int activePathNum;
  const PathStats* pathStats;
  MultipathStats()
      : lanTxBytes(0),
        lanRxBytes(0),
        wifiTxBytes(0),
        wifiRxBytes(0),
        mobileTxBytes(0),
        mobileRxBytes(0),
        activePathNum(0),
        pathStats(nullptr) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since:</dt>
                <dd>Available since v4.6.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p><xref keyref="MultipathStats"/> represents statistics for multipath transmission, including the number of bytes sent and received through LAN, Wi-Fi, and mobile network paths, the number of currently active paths, and detailed statistics for each path.</p>
            </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">lanTxBytes</pt>
                <pd props="android">Total number of bytes sent over LAN.</pd>
                <pd props="ios">The number of video bytes sent through the LAN path.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The number of bytes sent through the LAN path.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">lanRxBytes</pt>
                <pd props="android">Total number of bytes received over LAN.</pd>
                <pd props="ios">The number of video bytes received through the LAN path.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The number of bytes received through the LAN path.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">wifiTxBytes</pt>
                <pd props="android">Total number of bytes sent over Wi-Fi.</pd>
                <pd props="ios">The number of video bytes sent through the Wi-Fi path.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The number of bytes sent through the Wi-Fi path.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">wifiRxBytes</pt>
                <pd props="android">Total number of bytes received over Wi-Fi.</pd>
                <pd props="ios">The number of video bytes received through the Wi-Fi path.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The number of bytes received through the Wi-Fi path.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">mobileTxBytes</pt>
                <pd props="android">Total number of bytes sent over mobile data.</pd>
                <pd props="ios">The number of video bytes sent through the mobile network path.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The number of bytes sent through the mobile network path.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">mobileRxBytes</pt>
                <pd props="android">Total number of bytes received over mobile data.</pd>
                <pd props="ios">The number of video bytes received through the mobile network path.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The number of bytes received through the mobile network path.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">activePathNum</pt>
                <pd props="android">The number of active paths.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp ios">The number of currently active paths.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp ios">
                <pt props="android cpp ios">pathStats</pt>
                <pd props="android">Array of path statistics. See <xref keyref="PathStats"/>.</pd>
                <pd props="ios">Path statistics. See <xref keyref="PathStats"/>.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">An array of statistics for each active path. See <xref keyref="PathStats"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
            </refbody>
</reference>
