<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_remoteaudiostats">
    <title><ph keyref="RemoteAudioStats" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Audio statistics of the remote user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class RemoteAudioStats {
    public int uid;
    public int quality;
    public int networkTransportDelay;
    public int jitterBufferDelay;
    public int audioLossRate;
    public int numChannels;
    public int receivedSampleRate;
    public int receivedBitrate;
    public int totalFrozenTime;
    public int frozenRate;
    public int mosValue;
    public long totalActiveTime;
    public long publishDuration;
    public long qoeQuality;
    public int qualityChangedReason;
    public int e2eDelay;
  }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">export class RemoteAudioStats {
  
  public uid:number = 0;
  
  public quality:number = 0;
  
  public networkTransportDelay:number = 0;
  
  public jitterBufferDelay:number = 0;
  
  public audioLossRate:number = 0;
  
  public numChannels:number = 0;
  
  public receivedSampleRate:number = 0;
  
  public receivedBitrate:number = 0;
  
  public totalFrozenTime:number = 0;
  
  public frozenRate:number = 0;
  
  public mosValue:number = 0;
  
  public frozenRateByCustomPlcCount:number = 0;
  
  public plcCount:number = 0;
  
  public totalActiveTime:bigint = BigInt(0);
  
  public publishDuration:bigint = BigInt(0);
  
  public qoeQuality:number = 0;
  
  public qualityChangedReason:number = 0;
  
  public rxAudioBytes:number = 0;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraRtcRemoteAudioStats : NSObject
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger uid;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger quality;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger networkTransportDelay;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger jitterBufferDelay;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger audioLossRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger numChannels;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger receivedSampleRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger receivedBitrate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger totalFrozenTime;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger totalActiveTime;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger publishDuration;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger frozenRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger mosValue;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger qoeQuality;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraExperiencePoorReason qualityChangedReason;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger e2eDelay;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct RemoteAudioStats
{
  uid_t uid;
  int quality;
  int networkTransportDelay;
  int jitterBufferDelay;
  int audioLossRate;
  int numChannels;
  int receivedSampleRate;
  int receivedBitrate;
  int totalFrozenTime;
  int frozenRate;
  int mosValue;
  int totalActiveTime;
  int publishDuration;
  int qoeQuality;
  int qualityChangedReason;
  int e2eDelay;

  RemoteAudioStats() :
    uid(0),
    quality(0),
    networkTransportDelay(0),
    jitterBufferDelay(0),
    audioLossRate(0),
    numChannels(0),
    receivedSampleRate(0),
    receivedBitrate(0),
    totalFrozenTime(0),
    frozenRate(0),
    mosValue(0),
    totalActiveTime(0),
    publishDuration(0),
    qoeQuality(0)
    qualityChangedReason(0)
    e2eDelay(0) {}
};</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FRemoteAudioStats
{
	GENERATED_BODY()
public:
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int64 uid = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int quality = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int networkTransportDelay = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int jitterBufferDelay = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int audioLossRate = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int numChannels = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int receivedSampleRate = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int receivedBitrate = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int totalFrozenTime = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int frozenRate = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int mosValue = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int64 frozenRateByCustomPlcCount = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int64 plcCount = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int totalActiveTime = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int publishDuration = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int qoeQuality = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int qualityChangedReason = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int64 rxAudioBytes = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|RemoteAudioStats&quot;)
	int e2eDelay = 0;
	FRemoteAudioStats(){}
	FRemoteAudioStats(const agora::rtc::RemoteAudioStats &amp; AgoraData){
		uid = AgoraData.uid;
		quality = AgoraData.quality;
		networkTransportDelay = AgoraData.networkTransportDelay;
		jitterBufferDelay = AgoraData.jitterBufferDelay;
		audioLossRate = AgoraData.audioLossRate;
		numChannels = AgoraData.numChannels;
		receivedSampleRate = AgoraData.receivedSampleRate;
		receivedBitrate = AgoraData.receivedBitrate;
		totalFrozenTime = AgoraData.totalFrozenTime;
		frozenRate = AgoraData.frozenRate;
		mosValue = AgoraData.mosValue;
		frozenRateByCustomPlcCount = AgoraData.frozenRateByCustomPlcCount;
		plcCount = AgoraData.plcCount;
		totalActiveTime = AgoraData.totalActiveTime;
		publishDuration = AgoraData.publishDuration;
		qoeQuality = AgoraData.qoeQuality;
		qualityChangedReason = AgoraData.qualityChangedReason;
		rxAudioBytes = AgoraData.rxAudioBytes;
		e2eDelay = AgoraData.e2eDelay;
	}
	agora::rtc::RemoteAudioStats CreateAgoraData() const {
		agora::rtc::RemoteAudioStats AgoraData;
		AgoraData.uid = uid;
		AgoraData.quality = quality;
		AgoraData.networkTransportDelay = networkTransportDelay;
		AgoraData.jitterBufferDelay = jitterBufferDelay;
		AgoraData.audioLossRate = audioLossRate;
		AgoraData.numChannels = numChannels;
		AgoraData.receivedSampleRate = receivedSampleRate;
		AgoraData.receivedBitrate = receivedBitrate;
		AgoraData.totalFrozenTime = totalFrozenTime;
		AgoraData.frozenRate = frozenRate;
		AgoraData.mosValue = mosValue;
		AgoraData.frozenRateByCustomPlcCount = frozenRateByCustomPlcCount;
		AgoraData.plcCount = plcCount;
		AgoraData.totalActiveTime = totalActiveTime;
		AgoraData.publishDuration = publishDuration;
		AgoraData.qoeQuality = qoeQuality;
		AgoraData.qualityChangedReason = qualityChangedReason;
		AgoraData.rxAudioBytes = rxAudioBytes;
		AgoraData.e2eDelay = e2eDelay;
		return AgoraData;
	}
	void FreeAgoraData(agora::rtc::RemoteAudioStats &amp; AgoraData) const {
	}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class RemoteAudioStats {

  uid?: number;

  quality?: number;

  networkTransportDelay?: number;

  jitterBufferDelay?: number;

  audioLossRate?: number;

  numChannels?: number;

  receivedSampleRate?: number;

  receivedBitrate?: number;

  totalFrozenTime?: number;

  frozenRate?: number;

  mosValue?: number;

  totalActiveTime?: number;

  publishDuration?: number;

  qoeQuality?: number;

  qualityChangedReason?: number;

  e2eDelay?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class RemoteAudioStats
    {
        public RemoteAudioStats()
        {
            uid = 0;
            quality = 0;
            networkTransportDelay = 0;
            jitterBufferDelay = 0;
            audioLossRate = 0;
            numChannels = 0;
            receivedSampleRate = 0;
            receivedBitrate = 0;
            totalFrozenTime = 0;
            frozenRate = 0;
            mosValue = 0;
            totalActiveTime = 0;
            publishDuration = 0;
            qoeQuality = 0;
            qualityChangedReason = 0;
            public int e2eDelay;
        }

        public RemoteAudioStats(uint uid, int quality, int networkTransportDelay, int jitterBufferDelay,
            int audioLossRate, int numChannels, int receivedSampleRate, int receivedBitrate, int totalFrozenTime,
            int frozenRate, int mosValue, int totalActiveTime, int publishDuration, int qoeQuality, int qualityChangedReason)
        {
            this.uid = uid;
            this.quality = quality;
            this.networkTransportDelay = networkTransportDelay;
            this.jitterBufferDelay = jitterBufferDelay;
            this.audioLossRate = audioLossRate;
            this.numChannels = numChannels;
            this.receivedSampleRate = receivedSampleRate;
            this.receivedBitrate = receivedBitrate;
            this.totalFrozenTime = totalFrozenTime;
            this.frozenRate = frozenRate;
            this.mosValue = mosValue;
            this.totalActiveTime = totalActiveTime;
            this.publishDuration = publishDuration;
            this.qoeQuality = qoeQuality;
            this.qualityChangedReason = qualityChangedReason;
        }

        public uint uid { set; get; }
        public int quality { set; get; }
        public int networkTransportDelay { set; get; }
        public int jitterBufferDelay { set; get; }
        public int audioLossRate { set; get; }
        public int numChannels { set; get; }
        public int receivedSampleRate { set; get; }
        public int receivedBitrate { set; get; }
        public int totalFrozenTime { set; get; }
        public int frozenRate { set; get; }
        public int mosValue { set; get; }
        public int totalActiveTime { set; get; }
        public int publishDuration { set; get; }
        public int qoeQuality { set; get; }
        public int qualityChangedReason { set; get; }
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class RemoteAudioStats {

  uid?: number;

  quality?: number;

  networkTransportDelay?: number;

  jitterBufferDelay?: number;

  audioLossRate?: number;

  numChannels?: number;

  receivedSampleRate?: number;

  receivedBitrate?: number;

  totalFrozenTime?: number;

  frozenRate?: number;

  mosValue?: number;

  totalActiveTime?: number;

  publishDuration?: number;

  qoeQuality?: number;

  qualityChangedReason?: number;

  e2eDelay?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">
@JsonSerializable(explicitToJson: true, includeIfNull: false)
class RemoteAudioStats {
  const RemoteAudioStats(
      {this.uid,
      this.quality,
      this.networkTransportDelay,
      this.jitterBufferDelay,
      this.audioLossRate,
      this.numChannels,
      this.receivedSampleRate,
      this.receivedBitrate,
      this.totalFrozenTime,
      this.frozenRate,
      this.mosValue,
      this.totalActiveTime,
      this.publishDuration,
      this.qoeQuality,
      this.qualityChangedReason,
      this.e2eDelay});

  @JsonKey(name: 'uid')
  final int? uid;

  @JsonKey(name: 'quality')
  final int? quality;

  @JsonKey(name: 'networkTransportDelay')
  final int? networkTransportDelay;

  @JsonKey(name: 'jitterBufferDelay')
  final int? jitterBufferDelay;

  @JsonKey(name: 'audioLossRate')
  final int? audioLossRate;

  @JsonKey(name: 'numChannels')
  final int? numChannels;

  @JsonKey(name: 'receivedSampleRate')
  final int? receivedSampleRate;

  @JsonKey(name: 'receivedBitrate')
  final int? receivedBitrate;

  @JsonKey(name: 'totalFrozenTime')
  final int? totalFrozenTime;

  @JsonKey(name: 'frozenRate')
  final int? frozenRate;

  @JsonKey(name: 'mosValue')
  final int? mosValue;

  @JsonKey(name: 'totalActiveTime')
  final int? totalActiveTime;

  @JsonKey(name: 'publishDuration')
  final int? publishDuration;

  @JsonKey(name: 'qoeQuality')
  final int? qoeQuality;

  @JsonKey(name: 'qualityChangedReason')
  final int? qualityChangedReason;

  @JsonKey(name: 'e2eDelay')
  final int? e2eDelay;

  factory RemoteAudioStats.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$RemoteAudioStatsFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$RemoteAudioStatsToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID of the remote user.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>quality</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The quality of the audio stream sent by the user. <ph props="ios mac cpp unreal electron rn unity flutter cs">See <xref keyref="QUALITY_TYPE" /></ph>.</p>
                    <p props="android bp">
                    <ul id="qualitytype">
                    <li><ph keyref="QUALITY_UNKNOWN" />(0): The quality is unknown.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="QUALITY_EXCELLENT" />(1): The quality is excellent.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="QUALITY_GOOD" />(2): The network quality seems excellent, but the bitrate can be slightly lower than excellent.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="QUALITY_POOR" />(3): Users can feel the communication is slightly impaired.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="QUALITY_BAD" />(4): Users cannot communicate smoothly.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="QUALITY_VBAD" />(5): The quality is so bad that users can barely communicate.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="QUALITY_DOWN" />(6): The network is down, and users cannot communicate at all.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="QUALITY_DETECTING" />(8): The last-mile probe test is in progress.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>networkTransportDelay</pt>
                <pd>The network delay (ms) from the sender to the receiver.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>jitterBufferDelay</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The network delay (ms) from the audio receiver to the jitter buffer.<note type="attention">When the receiving end is an audience member and <parmname>audienceLatencyLevel</parmname> of <xref keyref="ClientRoleOptions" /> is 1, this parameter does not take effect.</note></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioLossRate</pt>
                <pd>The frame loss rate (%) of the remote audio stream in the reported interval.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>numChannels</pt>
                <pd>The number of audio channels.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>receivedSampleRate</pt>
                <pd>The sampling rate of the received audio stream in the reported interval.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>receivedBitrate</pt>
                <pd>The average bitrate (Kbps) of the received audio stream in the reported interval.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>totalFrozenTime</pt>
                <pd>The total freeze time (ms) of the remote audio stream after the remote user joins the channel. In a session, audio freeze occurs when the audio frame loss rate reaches 4%.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>frozenRate</pt>
                <pd>The total audio freeze time as a percentage (%) of the total time when the audio is available. The audio is considered available when the remote user neither stops sending the audio stream nor disables the audio module after joining the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>totalActiveTime</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The total active time (ms) between the start of the audio call and the callback of the remote user.</p>
                    <p>The active time refers to the total duration of the remote user without the mute state.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishDuration</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The total duration (ms) of the remote audio stream.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>qoeQuality</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p><ph>The Quality of Experience (QoE) of the local user when receiving a remote audio stream. </ph><ph props="ios mac cpp unreal electron rn unity cs">See <xref keyref="EXPERIENCE_QUALITY_TYPE" /></ph>.<ul props="android bp">
                    <li><ph keyref="EXPERIENCE_QUALITY_GOOD" />(0): The QoE of the local user is good.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="EXPERIENCE_QUALITY_BAD" />(1): The QoE of the local user is poor.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>qualityChangedReason</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p><ph>Reasons why the QoE of the local user when receiving a remote audio stream is poor. </ph><ph props="ios mac cpp unreal unity rn electron flutter cs">See <xref keyref="EXPERIENCE_POOR_REASON" /></ph>.<ul props="android bp">
                    <li><ph keyref="EXPERIENCE_REASON_NONE" />(0): No reason, indicating a good QoE of the local user.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="REMOTE_NETWORK_QUALITY_POOR" />(1): The remote user's network quality is poor.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="LOCAL_NETWORK_QUALITY_POOR" />(2): The local user's network quality is poor.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="WIRELESS_SIGNAL_POOR" />(4): The local user's Wi-Fi or mobile network signal is weak.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="WIFI_BLUETOOTH_COEXIST" />(8): The local user enables both Wi-Fi and bluetooth, and their signals interfere with each other. As a result, audio transmission quality is undermined.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>mosValue</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The quality of the remote audio stream in the reported interval. The quality is determined by the Agora real-time audio MOS (Mean Opinion Score) measurement method. The return value range is [0, 500]. Dividing the return value by 100 gets the MOS score, which ranges from 0 to 5. The higher the score, the better the audio quality.</p>
                    <p>The subjective perception of audio quality corresponding to the Agora real-time audio MOS scores is as follows:<simpletable>
                    <sthead>
                        <stentry>MOS score</stentry>
                        <stentry>Perception of audio quality</stentry>
                    </sthead>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>Greater than 4</stentry>
                        <stentry>Excellent. The audio sounds clear and smooth.</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>From 3.5 to 4</stentry>
                        <stentry>Good. The audio has some perceptible impairment but still sounds clear.</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>From 3 to 3.5</stentry>
                        <stentry>Fair. The audio freezes occasionally and requires attentive listening.</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>From 2.5 to 3</stentry>
                        <stentry>Poor. The audio sounds choppy and requires considerable effort to understand.</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>From 2 to 2.5</stentry>
                        <stentry>Bad. The audio has occasional noise. Consecutive audio dropouts occur, resulting in some information loss. The users can communicate only with difficulty.</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry>Less than 2</stentry>
                        <stentry>Very bad. The audio has persistent noise. Consecutive audio dropouts are frequent, resulting in severe information loss. Communication is nearly impossible.</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    </simpletable></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>e2eDelay</pt>
                <pd>End-to-end audio delay (in milliseconds), which refers to the time from when the audio is captured by the remote user to when it is played by the local user.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
