<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_livetranscoding">
    <title> <ph keyref="LiveTranscoding"/> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Transcoding configurations for Media Push.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class LiveTranscoding {
  public enum AudioSampleRateType {
    TYPE_32000(32000),
    TYPE_44100(44100),
    TYPE_48000(48000);
    private int value;
    private AudioSampleRateType(int v) {
      value = v;
    }
    public static int getValue(AudioSampleRateType type) {
      return type.value;
    }
  }
  public enum VideoCodecProfileType {
    BASELINE(66),
    MAIN(77),
    HIGH(100);
    private int value;
    private VideoCodecProfileType(int v) {
      value = v;
    }
    public static int getValue(VideoCodecProfileType type) {
      return type.value;
    }
  }
  public enum AudioCodecProfileType {
    LC_AAC(0),
    HE_AAC(1),
    HE_AAC(1);
    HE_AAC_V2(2);
    private int value;
    private AudioCodecProfileType(int v) {
      value = v;
    }
    public static int getValue(AudioCodecProfileType type) {
      return type.value;
    }
  }
  public enum VideoCodecType {
    H264(1),
    H265(2);
    private int value;
    private VideoCodecType(int v) {
      value = v;
    }
    public static int getValue(VideoCodecType type) {
      return type.value;
    }
  }
  public int width;
  public int height;
  public int videoBitrate;
  public int videoFramerate;
  public boolean lowLatency;
  @Deprecated public boolean lowLatency;
  public int videoGop;
  public AgoraImage watermark;
  private ArrayList&lt;AgoraImage> watermarkList;
  public void addWatermark(AgoraImage watermark) {
    if (watermarkList == null) {
      watermarkList = new ArrayList&lt;AgoraImage>();
    }
    watermarkList.add(watermark);
  }
  public boolean removeWatermark(AgoraImage watermark) {
    if (watermarkList == null) {
      return false;
    }
    return watermarkList.remove(watermark);
  }
  public ArrayList&lt;AgoraImage> getWatermarkList() {
    return watermarkList;
  }
  public AgoraImage backgroundImage;
  private ArrayList&lt;AgoraImage> backgroundImageList;
  public void addBackgroundImage(AgoraImage backgroundImage) {
    if (backgroundImageList == null) {
      backgroundImageList = new ArrayList&lt;AgoraImage>();
    }
    backgroundImageList.add(backgroundImage);
  }
  public boolean removeBackgroundImage(AgoraImage backgroundImage) {
    if (backgroundImageList == null) {
      return false;
    }
    return backgroundImageList.remove(backgroundImage);
  }
  public ArrayList&lt;AgoraImage> getBackgroundImageList() {
    return backgroundImageList;
  }
  public AudioSampleRateType audioSampleRate;
  public int audioBitrate;
  public int audioChannels;
  public AudioCodecProfileType audioCodecProfile;
  public VideoCodecProfileType videoCodecProfile;
  public VideoCodecType videoCodecType;
  @Deprecated public int userCount;
  @Deprecated public int backgroundColor;
  public String userConfigExtraInfo;
  public String metadata;
  @Deprecated public String metadata;
  private Map&lt;Integer, TranscodingUser> transcodingUsers;
  private Map&lt;String, Boolean> advancedFeatures;
  public void setAdvancedFeatures(String featureName, Boolean opened) {
    advancedFeatures.put(featureName, opened);
  }
  public Map&lt;String, Boolean> getAdvancedFeatures() {
    return advancedFeatures;
  }
  public static class TranscodingUser {
    public int uid;
    public String userId;
    public String userId;
    public int x;
    public int y;
    public int width;
    public int height;
    public int zOrder;
    public float alpha;
    public int audioChannel;
    public TranscodingUser() {
      alpha = 1;
    }
  }
  public LiveTranscoding() {
    width = 360;
    height = 640;
    videoBitrate = 400;
    videoCodecProfile = VideoCodecProfileType.HIGH;
    videoCodecType = VideoCodecType.H264;
    videoGop = 30;
    videoFramerate = 15;
    watermark = new AgoraImage();
    backgroundImage = new AgoraImage();
    lowLatency = false;
    audioSampleRate = AudioSampleRateType.TYPE_44100;
    audioBitrate = 48;
    audioChannels = 1;
    audioCodecProfile = AudioCodecProfileType.LC_AAC;
    transcodingUsers = new HashMap&lt;>();
    advancedFeatures = new HashMap&lt;>();
    backgroundColor = 0xFF000000;
    userConfigExtraInfo = null;
    metadata = null;
  }
  public int addUser(TranscodingUser user) {
    if (user == null || user.uid == 0) {
      return -Constants.ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT;
    }
    transcodingUsers.put(user.uid, user);
    userCount = transcodingUsers.size();
    return Constants.ERR_OK;
  }
  public final ArrayList&lt;TranscodingUser> getUsers() {
    Collection&lt;TranscodingUser> values = transcodingUsers.values();
    return new ArrayList&lt;>(values);
  }
  public void setUsers(ArrayList&lt;TranscodingUser> users) {
    transcodingUsers.clear();
    if (users != null) {
      for (TranscodingUser user : users) {
        transcodingUsers.put(user.uid, user);
      }
    }
    userCount = transcodingUsers.size();
  }
  public void setUsers(Map&lt;Integer, TranscodingUser> users) {
    transcodingUsers.clear();
    if (users != null) {
      transcodingUsers.putAll(users);
    }
    userCount = transcodingUsers.size();
  }
  public int removeUser(int uid) {
    if (!transcodingUsers.containsKey(uid))
      return -Constants.ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT;
    transcodingUsers.remove(uid);
    userCount = transcodingUsers.size();
    return Constants.ERR_OK;
  }
  public int getUserCount() {
    return transcodingUsers.size();
  }
  public int getBackgroundColor() {
    return this.backgroundColor;
  }
  public void setBackgroundColor(int color) {
    this.backgroundColor = color;
  }
  public void setBackgroundColor(int red, int green, int blue) {
    this.backgroundColor = (red &lt;&lt; 16) | (green &lt;&lt; 8) | (blue &lt;&lt; 0);
  }
  @Deprecated
  public int getRed() {
    return (backgroundColor >> 16) &amp; 0x0ff;
  }
  @Deprecated
  public int getGreen() {
    return (backgroundColor >> 8) &amp; 0x0ff;
  }
  @Deprecated
  public int getBlue() {
    return backgroundColor &amp; 0x0ff;
  }
  @Deprecated
  public void setRed(int red) {
    int green = getGreen();
    int blue = getBlue();
    this.backgroundColor = (red &lt;&lt; 16) | (green &lt;&lt; 8) | (blue &lt;&lt; 0);
  }
  @Deprecated
  public void setGreen(int green) {
    int red = getRed();
    int blue = getBlue();
    this.backgroundColor = (red &lt;&lt; 16) | (green &lt;&lt; 8) | (blue &lt;&lt; 0);
  }
  @Deprecated
  public void setBlue(int blue) {
    int red = getRed();
    int green = getGreen();
    this.backgroundColor = (red &lt;&lt; 16) | (green &lt;&lt; 8) | (blue &lt;&lt; 0);
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraLiveTranscoding : NSObject

@property(assign, nonatomic) CGSize size;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger videoBitrate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger videoFramerate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) BOOL lowLatency;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger videoGop;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraVideoCodecProfileType videoCodecProfile;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraVideoCodecTypeForStream videoCodecType;
@property(copy, nonatomic) NSArray&lt;AgoraLiveTranscodingUser *&gt; *_Nullable transcodingUsers;
@property(copy, nonatomic) NSString *_Nullable transcodingExtraInfo;
@property(strong, nonatomic) AgoraImage *_Nullable watermark;
@property (copy, nonatomic) NSArray&lt;AgoraImage *&gt; *_Nullable watermarkArray;
@property(strong, nonatomic) AgoraImage *_Nullable backgroundImage;
@property (copy, nonatomic) NSArray&lt;AgoraImage *&gt; *_Nullable backgroundImageArray;
@property(strong, nonatomic) COLOR_CLASS *_Nullable backgroundColor;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraAudioSampleRateType audioSampleRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger audioBitrate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger audioChannels;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraAudioCodecProfileType audioCodecProfile;
+ (AgoraLiveTranscoding *_Nonnull)defaultTranscoding;
- (int)addUser:(AgoraLiveTranscodingUser *_Nonnull)user;
- (int)removeUser:(NSUInteger)uid;
- (void)setAdvancedFeatures:(NSString* _Nonnull)featureName opened:(BOOL)opened;
- (NSArray&lt;AgoraLiveStreamAdvancedFeature*>* _Nullable)getAdvancedFeatures;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LiveTranscoding {
  int width;
  int height;
  int videoBitrate;
  int videoFramerate;
  bool lowLatency;
  int videoGop;
  VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE videoCodecProfile;
  unsigned int backgroundColor;
  VIDEO_CODEC_TYPE_FOR_STREAM videoCodecType;
  unsigned int userCount;
  TranscodingUser* transcodingUsers;
  const char* transcodingExtraInfo;
  const char* metadata;
  RtcImage* watermark;
  unsigned int watermarkCount;
  RtcImage* backgroundImage;
  unsigned int backgroundImageCount;
  AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE audioSampleRate;
  int audioBitrate;
  int audioChannels;
  AUDIO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE audioCodecProfile;
  LiveStreamAdvancedFeature* advancedFeatures;
  unsigned int advancedFeatureCount;
  LiveTranscoding() : width(360), height(640), videoBitrate(400), videoFramerate(15), lowLatency(false), videoGop(30), videoCodecProfile(VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_HIGH), backgroundColor(0x000000), videoCodecType(VIDEO_CODEC_H264_FOR_STREAM), userCount(0), transcodingUsers(NULL), transcodingExtraInfo(NULL), metadata(NULL), watermark(NULL), watermarkCount(0), backgroundImage(NULL), backgroundImageCount(0), audioSampleRate(AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_48000), audioBitrate(48), audioChannels(1), audioCodecProfile(AUDIO_CODEC_PROFILE_LC_AAC), advancedFeatures(NULL), advancedFeatureCount(0) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class LiveTranscoding
    {
        public LiveTranscoding()
        {
            width = 360;
            height = 640;
            videoBitrate = 400;
            videoFramerate = 15;
            lowLatency = false;
            videoGop = 30;
            videoCodecProfile = VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE.VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_HIGH;
            backgroundColor = 0x000000;
            userCount = 0;
            transcodingUsers = new TranscodingUser[0];
            transcodingExtraInfo = null;
            metadata = null;
            watermark = null;
            watermarkCount = 0;
            backgroundImage = null;
            backgroundImageCount = 0;
            audioSampleRate = AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE.AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_48000;
            audioBitrate = 48;
            audioChannels = 1;
            audioCodecProfile = AUDIO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE.AUDIO_CODEC_PROFILE_LC_AAC;
        }</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="android cpp electron unity flutter">
                <pt>width</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The width of the video in pixels. The default value is 360.</p>
                    <ul>
                    <li>When pushing video streams to the CDN, the value range of <codeph>width</codeph> is [64,1920]. If the value is less than 64, Agora server automatically adjusts it to 64; if the value is greater than 1920, Agora server automatically adjusts it to 1920.</li>
                    <li>When pushing audio streams to the CDN, set <codeph>width</codeph> and <codeph>height</codeph> as 0.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp electron unity flutter">
                <pt>height</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The height of the video in pixels. The default value is 640.</p>
                    <ul>
                    <li>When pushing video streams to the CDN, the value range of <codeph>height</codeph> is [64,1080]. If the value is less than 64, Agora server automatically adjusts it to 64; if the value is greater than 1080, Agora server automatically adjusts it to 1080.</li>
                    <li>When pushing audio streams to the CDN, set <codeph>width</codeph> and <codeph>height</codeph> as 0.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>size</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The size of the video (width and height in pixels).</p>
                    <ul>
                    <li>When pushing video streams to the CDN, note the following:<ul>
                        <li>The value range of the width is [64,1920]. If the value is less than 64, Agora server automatically adjusts it to 64; if the value is greater than 1920, Agora server automatically adjusts it to 1920.</li>
                        <li>The value range of the height is [64,1080]. If the value is less than 64, Agora server automatically adjusts it to 64; if the value is greater than 1080, Agora server automatically adjusts it to 1080.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>When pushing audio streams to the CDN, set the width and height as 0.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>videoBitrate</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Bitrate of the output video stream for Media Push in Kbps. The default value is 400 Kbps.</p>
                    <p props="native">Set this parameter according to the <xref keyref="video-profile-table">Video profile</xref> table. If you set a bitrate beyond the proper range, the SDK automatically adapts it to a value within the range.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt>videoFrameRate</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Frame rate (in fps) of the output video stream set for Media Push. The default value is 15 , and the value range is (0,30].</p>
                    <note type="attention">The Agora server adjusts any value over 30 to 30.</note></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>lowLatency</pt>
                <pd>
                    <dl outputclass="deprecated">
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                        <dd>This parameter is deprecated.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                    <p>Latency mode:</p>
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Low latency with unassured quality.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) High latency with assured quality.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>videoGop</pt>
                <pd>GOP (Group of Pictures) in fps of the video frames  for Media Push. The default value is 30.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>videoCodecProfile</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Video codec profile type for Media Push. Set it as 66, 77, or 100 (default). See <xref keyref="VIDEO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE"/> for details.</p>
                    <note type="attention">If you set this parameter to any other value, Agora adjusts it to the default value.</note></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt>videoCodecType</pt>
                <pd>Video codec profile types for Media Push. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_CODEC_TYPE_FOR_STREAM"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>transcodingUsers</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Manages the user layout configuration in the Media Push. Agora supports a maximum of 17 transcoding users in a Media Push channel. See <xref keyref="TranscodingUser"/>.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="ios mac cpp unity">transcodingExtraInfo</pt>
                <pt props="android">userConfigExtraInfo</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Reserved property. Extra user-defined information to send SEI for the H.264/H.265 video stream to the CDN client. Maximum length: 4096 bytes. For more information on SEI, see <xref keyref="faq-sei">SEI-related questions</xref>.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>backgroundColor</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The background color in RGB hex.</p>
                    <p>The color of the custom background image. The format is a hexadecimal integer defined by RGB, without the # sign, such as 0xFFB6C1 for light pink. The default value is 0x000000 (black).</p>
                    <p>COLOR_CLASS is a general name for the type:<ul>
                    <li>iOS: UIColor</li>
                    <li>macOS: NSColor</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp unity electron flutter">
                <pt>backgroundColor</pt>
                <pd props="android">
                    <dl outputclass="deprecated">
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                        <dd>This parameter is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="setBackgroundColor"/> instead.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                </pd>
                <pd props="cpp unity electron flutter">
                    <p>The background color in RGB hex value. Value only. Do not include a preceeding #. For example, 0xFFB6C1 (light pink). The default value is 0x000000 (black).</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp electron unity">
                <pt>userCount</pt>
                <pd>
                    <dl outputclass="deprecated" props="android">
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                        <dd>This parameter is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="getUserCount"/> instead.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                    <p>The number of users in the video mixing. The value range is [0,17].</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp unity">
                <pt>metadata</pt>
                <pd>
                    <dl outputclass="deprecated">
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                        <dd>This parameter is deprecated.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                    <p>The metadata sent to the CDN client.</p></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>watermark</pt>
                <pd>
                    <dl outputclass="deprecated" props="android ios mac">
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                        <dd props="android">Use <xref keyref="addWatermark"/> instead.</dd>
                        <dd props="ios mac">Use <parmname>watermarkArray</parmname>.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                    <p>The watermark on the live video. The image format needs to be PNG. See <xref keyref="RtcImage"/>.</p>
                    <p props="cpp unity flutter electron">You can add one watermark, or add multiple watermarks using an array. <ph props="cpp unity">This parameter is used with <parmname>watermarkCount</parmname>.</ph></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>backgroundImage</pt>
                <pd>
                    <dl props="android ios mac" outputclass="deprecated">
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Deprecated</dt>
                        <dd><ph>Use <parmname props="android">addBackgroundImagebackgroundImageArray</parmname><parmname props="ios mac">backgroundImageArray</parmname> instead.</ph></dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                    <p>The number of background images on the live video. The image format needs to be PNG. See <xref keyref="RtcImage"/>.</p>
                    <p props="cpp unity">You can add a background image or use an array to add multiple background images. This parameter is used with <parmname>backgroundImageCount</parmname>.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>backgroundImageArray</pt>
                <pd>An array of background images on the live video. See <xref keyref="RtcImage"/>. You can use <parmname>backgroundImageArray</parmname> to add one or more <parmname>background</parmname> images. The image format needs to be PNG. The total number of watermarks and background images on a live video must be greater than or equal to 0 and less than or equal to 10.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioSampleRate</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The audio sampling rate (Hz) of the output media stream. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_SAMPLE_RATE_TYPE"/>.</p>
                    </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioBitrate</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Bitrate (Kbps) of the audio output stream for Media Push.  The default value is 48, and the highest value is 128.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioChannels</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The number of audio channels for Media Push. Agora recommends choosing 1 (mono), or 2 (stereo) audio channels. Special players are required if you choose 3, 4, or 5.</p>
                    <ul>
                    <li>1: (Default) Mono.</li>
                    <li>2: Stereo.</li>
                    <li>3: Three audio channels.</li>
                    <li>4: Four audio channels.</li>
                    <li>5: Five audio channels.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioCodecProfile</pt>
                <pd>Audio codec profile type for Media Push. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_CODEC_PROFILE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>watermarkArray</pt>
                <pd>The array of watermarks on the live video. See <xref keyref="RtcImage"/>. You can add one or more <parmname>watermarks</parmname> using <parmname>watermarkArray</parmname>. The image format needs to be PNG. The total number of watermarks and background images on a live video must be greater than or equal to 0 and less than or equal to 10.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unity">
                <pt>watermarkCount</pt>
                <pd>The number of watermarks on the live video. The total number of watermarks and background images can range from 0 to 10. This parameter is used with <parmname>watermark</parmname>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp unity">
                <pt>backgroundImageCount</pt>
                <pd>The number of background images on the live video. The total number of watermarks and background images can range from 0 to 10. This parameter is used with <parmname>backgroundImage</parmname>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp">
                <pt>advancedFeatures</pt>
                <pd>Advanced features of the Media Push with transcoding. See <xref keyref="LiveStreamAdvancedFeature"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp">
                <pt>advancedFeatureCount</pt>
                <pd>The number of enabled advanced features. The default value is 0.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
