<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_faceshapeareaoptions">
    <title> <ph keyref="FaceShapeAreaOptions" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Filter effect options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class FaceShapeAreaOptions {
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NONE = -1;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_HEADSCALE = 100;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FOREHEAD = 101;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACECONTOUR = 102;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACELENGTH = 103;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACEWIDTH = 104;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEKBONE = 105;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEK = 106;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHIN = 108;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYESCALE = 200;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEDISTANCE = 201;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPOSITION = 202;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_LOWEREYELID = 203;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPUPILS = 204;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEINNERCORNER = 205;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEOUTERCORNER = 206;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSELENGTH = 300;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWIDTH = 301;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWING = 302;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEROOT = 303;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEBRIDGE = 304;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSETIP = 305;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEGENERAL = 306;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSCALE = 400;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHPOSITION = 401;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSMILE = 402;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHLIP = 403;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWPOSITION = 500;
  public static final int FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWTHICKNESS = 501;

  public int shapeArea;
  public int shapeIntensity;

}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraFaceShapeAreaOptions : NSObject
@property(nonatomic, assign) AgoraFaceShapeArea shapeArea;
@property(nonatomic, assign) int shapeIntensity;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct FaceShapeAreaOptions {
  enum FACE_SHAPE_AREA {
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NONE = -1,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_HEADSCALE = 100,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FOREHEAD = 101,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACECONTOUR = 102,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACELENGTH = 103,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACEWIDTH = 104,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEKBONE = 105,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEK = 106,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHIN = 108,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MANDIBLE = 107,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYESCALE = 200,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEDISTANCE = 201,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPOSITION = 202,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_LOWEREYELID = 203,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPUPILS = 204,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEINNERCORNER = 205,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEOUTERCORNER = 206,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSELENGTH = 300,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWIDTH = 301,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWING = 302,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEROOT = 303,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEBRIDGE = 304,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSETIP = 305,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEGENERAL = 306,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSCALE = 400,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHPOSITION = 401,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSMILE = 402,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHLIP = 403,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWPOSITION = 500,
    FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWTHICKNESS = 501,
  };

  FACE_SHAPE_AREA shapeArea;
  int shapeIntensity;

  FaceShapeAreaOptions(FACE_SHAPE_AREA shapeArea, int areaIntensity) : shapeArea(shapeArea), shapeIntensity(areaIntensity) {}

  FaceShapeAreaOptions() : shapeArea(FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NONE), shapeIntensity(0) {}
};
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FUABT_FaceShapeAreaOptions {

	GENERATED_BODY()

public:

	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite)
	EUABT_FACE_SHAPE_AREA shapeArea = EUABT_FACE_SHAPE_AREA::FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NONE;

	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite)
	int shapeIntensity = 0;

};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class FaceShapeAreaOptions {
  shapeArea?: FaceShapeArea;
  shapeIntensity?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-cpp">export class FaceShapeAreaOptions {
  shapeArea?: FaceShapeArea;
  shapeIntensity?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"></codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title> <text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" />
            </title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>shapeArea</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="cpp ios mac unreal bp unity flutter electron rn cs">Facial enhancement areas: <xref keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA" /></p>
                    <p props="android hmos">Facial enhancement areas.<ul>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NONE" />(-1): (Default) Invalid area, no beauty effect applied.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_HEADSCALE" />(100): Head, used to achieve a smaller head effect. The adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the smaller the head becomes, with a preset value of 100.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FOREHEAD" />(101): Forehead, used to adjust the hairline height. The adjustment strength ranges from [-100,100], with positive values raising and negative values lowering the hairline. The greater the absolute value, the stronger the effect. The default value is 50.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACECONTOUR" />(102): Face contour, used to achieve a slimmer face effect. The adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the stronger the slimming effect, with a preset value of 10.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACELENGTH" />(103): Face length, used to achieve a longer face effect. The adjustment range is [-100,100]; positive values elongate the face, while negative values shorten it. The larger the value, the stronger the enhancement effect, with a preset value of 0.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACEWIDTH" />(104): Face width, used to achieve a narrower face effect. The adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the stronger the narrowing effect, with a preset value of 10.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEKBONE" />(105): Cheekbone, used to adjust cheekbone width. The adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the narrower the cheekbones, with a preset set value of 43.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEK" />(106): Cheeks, used to adjust the cheeks width. The adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the narrower the cheeks, with a preset value of 50.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHIN" />(108): Chin, used to adjust the chin length. The adjustment range is [-100,100]; positive values elongate the chin, while negative values shorten it. The larger the value, the stronger the enhancement effect, with a preset value of -20.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYESCALE" />(200):Eyes, used to achieve a larger eye effect. The adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the larger the eye size, with a preset value of 50.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEDISTANCE" />(201): Eye distance adjustment. The range is [-100, 100], with a default value of 0. The greater the absolute value, the more noticeable the adjustment. Negative values indicate the opposite direction.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPOSITION" />(202): Eye position adjustment. The range is [-100, 100], with a default value of 0. The greater the absolute value, the more noticeable the adjustment. Negative values indicate the opposite direction.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_LOWEREYELID" />(203): Lower eyelid adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEPUPILS" />(204): Pupil size adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEINNERCORNER" />(205): Inner eye corner adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEOUTERCORNER" />(206): Outer eye corner adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSELENGTH" />(300): Nose length, used to achieve a longer nose effect. The adjustment range is [-100,100]; positive values elongate the nose, while negative values shorten it. The larger the value, the stronger the enhancement effect, with a preset value of -10.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWIDTH" />(301): Nose width, used to achieve a slimmer nose effect. The adjustment range is [-100,100]; positive values make the nose wider, while negative values make it narrower. The larger the value, the stronger the enhancement effect, with a preset value of 72.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWING" />(302): Nose wing adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEROOT" />(303): Nose root adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEBRIDGE" />(304): Nose bridge adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSETIP" />(305): Nose tip adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEGENERAL" />(306): Overall nose adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSCALE" />(400): Mouth, used to achieve a larger mouth effect. The adjustment strength ranges from [0,100], with larger values resulting in a larger mouth. The default value is 50.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHPOSITION" />(401): Mouth position adjustment. The range is [-100, 100], with a default value of 0. The greater the absolute value, the more noticeable the adjustment. Negative values indicate the opposite direction.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSMILE" />(402): Mouth smile adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHLIP" />(403): Lip shape adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWPOSITION" />(500): Eyebrow position adjustment. The range is [-100, 100], with a default value of 0. The greater the absolute value, the more noticeable the adjustment. Negative values indicate the opposite direction.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYEBROWTHICKNESS" />(501): Eyebrow thickness adjustment. The range is [0, 100], with a default value of 0. The larger the value, the more noticeable the adjustment.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>shapeIntensity</pt>
                <pd>The intensity of the enhancement. The definition of enhancement intensity varies according to the different face areas, such as its orientation, range, and preset value.<ph props="android hmos">For details, see descriptions in <parmname>shapeArea</parmname>. </ph><ph props="cpp ios mac unreal bp unity flutter electron rn cs">See <xref keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA" /></ph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
