<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_watermarkconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="WatermarkConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Configures watermark-related information.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class WatermarkConfig {
  public static final int WATERMARK_TYPE_IMAGE = 0;
  public static final int WATERMARK_TYPE_BUFFER = 1;
  public String id;
  public int type;
  public WatermarkBuffer buffer = new WatermarkBuffer();
  public String imageUrl;
  public WatermarkOptions options = new WatermarkOptions();
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility(&amp;quot;default&amp;quot;))) @interface WatermarkConfig : NSObject
@property(copy, nonatomic) NSString* _Nonnull id;
@property(assign, nonatomic) WatermarkType type;
@property(strong, nonatomic) WatermarkBuffer* _Nullable buffer;
@property(strong, nonatomic) NSURL *_Nullable imageUrl;
@property(strong, nonatomic) WatermarkOptions* _Nonnull options;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct WatermarkConfig {
  const char* id;
  WATERMARK_SOURCE_TYPE type;
  union {
    WatermarkBuffer buffer;
    WatermarkTimestamp timestamp;
    WatermarkLiteral literal;
    const char* imageUrl;
  };
  WatermarkOptions options;
  WatermarkConfig() : id(NULL), type(IMAGE), imageUrl(NULL) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since:</dt>
                <dd>Available since v4.6.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p></p>
            </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt props="native">id</pt>
                <pd props="android">The unique identifier of the watermark, usually generated using UUID.</pd>
                <pd props="apple">The unique identifier of the watermark.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The unique identifier of the watermark. It is recommended to use a UUID.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt props="native">type</pt>
                <pd props="android">The type of the watermark:
                    <ul>
                        <li><codeph>WATERMARK_TYPE_IMAGE</codeph>: image type.</li>
                        <li><codeph>WATERMARK_TYPE_BUFFER</codeph>: buffer type.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                <pd props="apple">The type of the watermark. See <codeph>WatermarkType</codeph>.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The type of the watermark. See <codeph>WATERMARK_SOURCE_TYPE</codeph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt props="native">buffer</pt>
                <pd props="android">The buffer that contains the watermark image data. See <codeph>WatermarkBuffer</codeph>.</pd>
                <pd props="apple">The buffer data of the watermark image. See <codeph>WatermarkBuffer</codeph>.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The buffer of the watermark. See <codeph>WatermarkBuffer</codeph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt props="native">imageUrl</pt>
                <pd props="android">The URL address used to load the watermark image.</pd>
                <pd props="apple">The URL of the watermark image.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The URL of the watermark image file. The default value is NULL.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt props="native">options</pt>
                <pd props="android">Options that define the position and size of the watermark. See <codeph>WatermarkOptions</codeph>.</pd>
                <pd props="apple">The display options of the watermark. See <codeph>WatermarkOptions</codeph>.</pd>
                <pd props="cpp">The options for the watermark. See <codeph>WatermarkOptions</codeph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp">
                <pt props="cpp">timestamp</pt>
                <pd props="cpp">The timestamp of the watermark. See <codeph>WatermarkTimestamp</codeph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp">
                <pt props="cpp">literal</pt>
                <pd props="cpp">The text of the watermark. See <codeph>WatermarkLiteral</codeph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android">
                <pt props="android">WATERMARK_TYPE_IMAGE</pt>
                <pd props="android">Specifies the watermark type as image.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android">
                <pt props="android">WATERMARK_TYPE_BUFFER</pt>
                <pd props="android">Specifies the watermark type as buffer.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
            </refbody>
</reference>
