<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_playerstreaminfo">
    <title><ph keyref="PlayerStreamInfo"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The detailed information of the media stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class MediaStreamInfo {
  private int streamIndex;
  private int mediaStreamType;
  private String codecName;
  private String language;
  private int videoFrameRate;
  private int videoBitRate;
  private int videoWidth;
  private int videoHeight;
  private int videoRotation;
  private int audioSampleRate;
  private int audioChannels;
  private int audioBytesPerSample;
  private long duration;

  public MediaStreamInfo() {}
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraMediaStreamInfo : NSObject

@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger streamIndex;
@property(nonatomic, assign) AgoraMediaStreamType streamType;
@property(nonatomic, copy) NSString *_Nonnull codecName;
@property(nonatomic, copy) NSString *_Nullable language;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger videoFrameRate;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger videoBitRate;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger videoWidth;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger videoHeight;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger audioSampleRate;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger audioChannels;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger duration;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger rotation;

@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct PlayerStreamInfo {
  int streamIndex;
  MEDIA_STREAM_TYPE streamType;
  char codecName[kMaxCharBufferLength];
  char language[kMaxCharBufferLength];
  int videoFrameRate;
  int videoBitRate;
  int videoWidth;
  int videoHeight;
  int videoRotation;
  int audioSampleRate;
  int audioChannels;
  int audioBitsPerSample;
  int64_t duration;
  PlayerStreamInfo() : streamIndex(0),
                       streamType(STREAM_TYPE_UNKNOWN),
                       videoFrameRate(0),
                       videoBitRate(0),
                       videoWidth(0),
                       videoHeight(0),
                       videoRotation(0),
                       audioSampleRate(0),
                       audioChannels(0),
                       audioBitsPerSample(0),
                       duration(0) {
    memset(codecName, 0, sizeof(codecName));
    memset(language, 0, sizeof(language));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class PlayerStreamInfo {
  streamIndex?: number
  streamType?: MediaStreamType
  codecName?: string
  language?: string
  videoFrameRate?: number
  videoBitRate?: number
  videoWidth?: number
  videoHeight?: number
  videoRotation?: number
  audioSampleRate?: number
  audioChannels?: number
  audioBitsPerSample?: number
  duration?: number
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class PlayerStreamInfo
        public int streamIndex { set; get; }
        public MEDIA_STREAM_TYPE streamType;
        public string codecName { set; get; }
        public string language { set; get; }
        public int videoFrameRate { set; get; }
        public int videoBitRate { set; get; }
        public int videoWidth { set; get; }
        public int videoHeight { set; get; }
        public int videoRotation { set; get; }
        public int audioSampleRate { set; get; }
        public int audioChannels { set; get; }
        public int audioBitsPerSample { set; get; }
        public int64_t duration { set; get; }

        public PlayerStreamInfo()
        {
            streamIndex = 0;
            streamType = MEDIA_STREAM_TYPE.STREAM_TYPE_UNKNOWN;
            videoFrameRate = 0;
            videoBitRate = 0;
            videoWidth = 0;
            videoHeight = 0;
            videoRotation = 0;
            audioSampleRate = 0;
            audioChannels = 0;
            audioBitsPerSample = 0;
            duration = 0;
            codecName = null;
            language = null;
        }
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class PlayerStreamInfo {
  streamIndex?: number;
  streamType?: MediaStreamType;
  codecName?: string;
  language?: string;
  videoFrameRate?: number;
  videoBitRate?: number;
  videoWidth?: number;
  videoHeight?: number;
  videoRotation?: number;
  audioSampleRate?: number;
  audioChannels?: number;
  audioBitsPerSample?: number;
  duration?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class PlayerStreamInfo {
  const PlayerStreamInfo(
      {this.streamIndex,
      this.streamType,
      this.codecName,
      this.language,
      this.videoFrameRate,
      this.videoBitRate,
      this.videoWidth,
      this.videoHeight,
      this.videoRotation,
      this.audioSampleRate,
      this.audioChannels,
      this.audioBitsPerSample,
      this.duration});

  @JsonKey(name: 'streamIndex')
  final int? streamIndex;
  @JsonKey(name: 'streamType')
  final MediaStreamType? streamType;
  @JsonKey(name: 'codecName')
  final String? codecName;
  @JsonKey(name: 'language')
  final String? language;
  @JsonKey(name: 'videoFrameRate')
  final int? videoFrameRate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'videoBitRate')
  final int? videoBitRate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'videoWidth')
  final int? videoWidth;
  @JsonKey(name: 'videoHeight')
  final int? videoHeight;
  @JsonKey(name: 'videoRotation')
  final int? videoRotation;
  @JsonKey(name: 'audioSampleRate')
  final int? audioSampleRate;
  @JsonKey(name: 'audioChannels')
  final int? audioChannels;
  @JsonKey(name: 'audioBitsPerSample')
  final int? audioBitsPerSample;
  @JsonKey(name: 'duration')
  final int? duration;
  factory PlayerStreamInfo.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$PlayerStreamInfoFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$PlayerStreamInfoToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text
            conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
            /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>streamIndex</pt>
                <pd>The index of the media stream.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="ios mac cpp unity electron rn flutter">streamType</pt>
                <pt props="android">mediaStreamType</pt>
                <pd><ph>The type of the media stream. </ph><ph props="ios mac cpp unity electron rn flutter">See <xref keyref="MEDIA_STREAM_TYPE" />.</ph><ul props="android">
                    <li><ph keyref="STREAM_TYPE_UNKNOWN"/>(0): The type is unknown.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="STREAM_TYPE_VIDEO"/>(1): The video stream.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="STREAM_TYPE_AUDIO"/>(2): The audio stream.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="STREAM_TYPE_SUBTITLE"/>(3): The subtitle stream.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>codecName</pt>
                <pd>The codec of the media stream.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>language</pt>
                <pd>The language of the media stream.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>videoFrameRate</pt>
                <pd>This parameter only takes effect for video streams, and indicates the video frame rate (fps).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>videoBitrate</pt>
                <pd>This parameter only takes effect for video streams, and indicates the video bitrate (bps).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>videoWidth</pt>
                <pd>This parameter only takes effect for video streams, and indicates the video width (pixel).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>videoHeight</pt>
                <pd>This parameter only takes effect for video streams, and indicates the video height (pixel).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android unity cpp electron rn flutter">videoRotation</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">rotation</pt>
                <pd>This parameter only takes effect for video streams, and indicates the video rotation angle.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioSampleRate</pt>
                <pd>This parameter only takes effect for audio streams, and indicates the audio sample rate (Hz).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioChannels</pt>
                <pd>This parameter only takes effect for audio streams, and indicates the audio channel number.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp unity electron rn flutter">
                <pt props="cpp unity electron rn flutter">audioBitsPerSample</pt>
                <pt props="android">audioBytesPerSample</pt>
                <pd>This parameter only takes effect for audio streams, and indicates the bit number of each audio sample.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>duration</pt>
                <pd>The total duration (s) of the media stream.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
