<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_filtereffectoptions">
    <title> <ph keyref="FilterEffectOptions" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Filter effect options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class FilterEffectOptions {
  public String path = null;
  public float strength;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraFilterEffectOptions: NSObject
@property(nonatomic, copy) NSString* _Nullable path NS_SWIFT_NAME(path);
@property(nonatomic, assign) float strength;
@end
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct FilterEffectOptions {
  const char * path;
  float strength;
  
  FilterEffectOptions(const char * lut3dPath, float filterStrength) : path(lut3dPath), strength(filterStrength) {}
  FilterEffectOptions() : path(OPTIONAL_NULLPTR), strength(0.5) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"></codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title> <text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" />
            </title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>path</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The absolute path to the local cube map texture file, which customzies the filter effect. The referred .cude file should strictly follow the Cube LUT Format Specification; otherwise, the filter effect does not work. The following is a sample of the .cude file:<codeblock outputclass="text">
LUT_3D_SIZE 32
0.0039215689 0 0.0039215682
0.0086021447 0.0037950677 0
...
0.0728652592 0.0039215689 0
                        </codeblock>
                        <note type="note">
                            <ul>
                                <li>The identifier <codeph>LUT_3D_SIZE</codeph> on the first line of the cube map file represents the size of the three-dimensional lookup table. The LUT size for filter effects can only be set to 32.</li>
                                <li>The SDK provides a built-in <codeph>built_in_whiten_filter.cube</codeph> file. You can pass the absolute path of this file to get the whitening filter effect.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>strength</pt>
                <pd>The intensity of the filter effect, with a range value of [0.0,1.0], in which 0.0 represents no filter effect. The default value is 0.5. The higher the value, the stronger the filter effect.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>