<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_audiovolumeinfo">
    <title><ph keyref="AudioVolumeInfo" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The volume information of users.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class AudioVolumeInfo {
    public int uid;
    public int volume;
    public int vad;
    public double voicePitch;
  }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">export class AudioVolumeInfo {
  
  public uid:number = 0;
  
  public volume:number = 0;
  public vad:number = 0;
  
  public voicePitch:number = 0;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraRtcAudioVolumeInfo : NSObject
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger uid;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger volume;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger vad;
@property (assign, nonatomic) double voicePitch;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct AudioVolumeInfo {
                    uid_t uid;
                    unsigned int volume;
                    unsigned int vad;
                    double voicePitch;
                    AudioVolumeInfo() : uid(0), volume(0), vad(0), voicePitch(0.0) {}
                    };</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FAudioVolumeInfo {
	GENERATED_BODY()
public:
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|AudioVolumeInfo&quot;)
	int64 uid = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|AudioVolumeInfo&quot;)
	int64 volume = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|AudioVolumeInfo&quot;)
	int64 vad = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|AudioVolumeInfo&quot;)
	float voicePitch = 0;
	FAudioVolumeInfo(){}
	FAudioVolumeInfo(const agora::rtc::AudioVolumeInfo &amp; AgoraData){
		uid = AgoraData.uid;
		volume = AgoraData.volume;
		vad = AgoraData.vad;
		voicePitch = AgoraData.voicePitch;
	}
	agora::rtc::AudioVolumeInfo CreateAgoraData() const {
		agora::rtc::AudioVolumeInfo AgoraData;
		AgoraData.uid = uid;
		AgoraData.volume = volume;
		AgoraData.vad = vad;
		AgoraData.voicePitch = voicePitch;
		return AgoraData;
	}
	void FreeAgoraData(agora::rtc::AudioVolumeInfo &amp; AgoraData) const {
	}

};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class AudioVolumeInfo
    {
        public AudioVolumeInfo()
        {
            uid = 0;
            volume = 0;
            vad = 0;
            voicePitch = 0.0;
        }

        public AudioVolumeInfo(uint uid, uint volume, uint vad, double voicePitch)
        {
            this.uid = uid;
            this.volume = volume;
            this.vad = vad;
            this.voicePitch = voicePitch;
        }

        public uint uid { set; get; }
        public uint volume { set; get; }
        public uint vad { set; get; }
        public double voicePitch { set; get; }
    }
    </codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class AudioVolumeInfo {

  uid?: number;

  volume?: number;

  vad?: number;

  voicePitch?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class AudioVolumeInfo {

  uid?: number;

  volume?: number;

  vad?: number;

  voicePitch?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class AudioVolumeInfo {
    const AudioVolumeInfo({this.uid, this.volume, this.vad, this.voicePitch});

    @JsonKey(name: 'uid')
    final int? uid;
    @JsonKey(name: 'volume')
    final int? volume;
    @JsonKey(name: 'vad')
    final int? vad;
    @JsonKey(name: 'voicePitch')
    final double? voicePitch;
    factory AudioVolumeInfo.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
        _$AudioVolumeInfoFromJson(json);
    Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$AudioVolumeInfoToJson(this);
  }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The user ID.<ul id="ul_pfj_4dt_rqb">
                    <li>In the local user's callback, <parmname>uid</parmname> is 0.</li>
                    <li>In the remote users' callback, <parmname>uid</parmname> is the user ID of a remote user whose instantaneous volume is the highest.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>volume</pt>
                <pd><ph>The volume of the user. The value ranges between 0 (the lowest volume) and 255 (the highest volume). If the local user enables audio capturing and calls <xref keyref="muteLocalAudioStream"/> and set it as <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph> to mute, the value of <parmname>volume</parmname> indicates the volume of locally captured audio signal. </ph><ph props="native unreal bp">If the user calls <xref keyref="startAudioMixing2" />, the value of <parmname>volume</parmname> indicates the volume after audio mixing.</ph></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>vad</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Voice activity status of the local user.<ul>
                    <li>0: The local user is not speaking.</li>
                    <li>1: The local user is speaking.</li>
                    </ul> </p>
                    <note type="attention">
                    <ul>
                    <li>The <parmname>vad</parmname> parameter does not report the voice activity status of remote users. In a remote user's callback, the value of <parmname>vad</parmname> is always 1.</li>
                    <li>To use this parameter, you must set <parmname>reportVad</parmname> to <codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph> when calling <xref keyref="enableAudioVolumeIndication" />.</li>
                    </ul> </note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>voicePitch</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The voice pitch of the local user. The value ranges between 0.0 and 4000.0.</p>
                    <note type="attention">The <parmname>voicePitch</parmname> parameter does not report the voice pitch of remote users. In the remote users' callback, the value of <parmname>voicePitch</parmname> is always 0.0.</note>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>