<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_screenvideoparameters">
    <title><ph keyref="ScreenVideoParameters"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The video configuration for the shared screen stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">  public static class VideoCaptureParameters {
        public int bitrate = 0;
        public int framerate = 15;
        public int width = 1280;
        public int height = 720;
        public int contentHint = Constants.SCREEN_CAPTURE_CONTENT_HINT_MOTION;

    @CalledByNative("VideoCaptureParameters")
    public int getBitrate() {
      return bitrate;
    }

    @CalledByNative("VideoCaptureParameters")
    public int getFramerate() {
      return framerate;
    }

    @CalledByNative("VideoCaptureParameters")
    public int getWidth() {
      return width;
    }

    @CalledByNative("VideoCaptureParameters")
    public int getHeight() {
      return height;
    }

    @CalledByNative("VideoCaptureParameters")
    public int getContentHint() {
      return contentHint;
    }

    @Override
    public String toString() {
      return "VideoCaptureParameters{"
          + "bitrate=" + bitrate + ", framerate=" + framerate + ", width=" + width
          + ", height=" + height + ", contentHint=" + contentHint + '}';
    }
  }
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraScreenVideoParameters : NSObject

@property(assign, nonatomic) CGSize dimensions;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraVideoFrameRate frameRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger bitrate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraVideoContentHint contentHint;

@end
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ScreenVideoParameters {
    VideoDimensions dimensions;
    int frameRate = 15;
     int bitrate;
    VIDEO_CONTENT_HINT contentHint = VIDEO_CONTENT_HINT::CONTENT_HINT_MOTION;

  ScreenVideoParameters() : dimensions(1280, 720) {}
};
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p props="android">Only available for scenarios where <parmname>captureVideo</parmname> is <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text
            conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
            /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="ios cpp">
                <pt>dimensions</pt>
                <pd>The video encoding dimension. The default value is 1280 × 720.</pd>
                <pd>If the aspect ratio is different between <parmname>dimensions</parmname> and the screen, the SDK adjusts the video encoding resolution according to the following rules (using an example value for <parmname>dimensions</parmname> of 1280 × 720):<ul>
                    <li>When the width and height of the screen are both lower than those of <parmname>dimensions</parmname>, the SDK uses the resolution of the screen for video encoding. For example, if the screen is 640 × 360, the SDK uses 640 × 360 for video encoding.</li>
                    <li>When either the width or height of the screen is higher than that of <parmname>dimensions</parmname>, the SDK uses the maximum values that do not exceed those of <parmname>dimensions</parmname> while maintaining the aspect ratio of the screen for video encoding. For example, if the screen is 2000 × 1500, the SDK uses 960 × 720 for video encoding.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <note>
                    <ul>
                    <li>The billing for the screen sharing stream is based on the value of <parmname>dimensions</parmname>. When you do not pass in a value, Agora bills you at 1280 × 720; when you pass in a value, Agora bills you at that value. See <xref
                        keyref="guide-bill"/>.</li>
                    <li>The value of this parameter does not indicate the orientation mode of the output video. For how to set the video orientation, see <xref keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE"/>.</li>
                    <li>Whether the 720p resolution or above can be supported depends on the device. If the device cannot support 720p, the frame rate will be lower than the set value.</li>
                    </ul> </note></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android">
                <pt>width</pt>
                <pd>The width (px) of the video encoding resolution. The default value is 1280. If the aspect ratio is different between width and height and the screen, the SDK adjusts the video encoding resolution according to the following rules (using an example where width × height is 1280 × 720):<ul>
                    <li>When the width and height of the screen are both lower than those of dimensions, the SDK uses the resolution of the screen for video encoding. For example, if the screen is 640 × 360, the SDK uses 640 × 360 for video encoding.</li>
                    <li>When either the width or height of the screen is higher than that of dimensions, the SDK uses the maximum values that do not exceed those of dimensions while maintaining the aspect ratio of the screen for video encoding. For example, if the screen is 2000 × 1500, the SDK uses 960 × 720 for video encoding.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <note>
                    <ul>
                    <li>The billing for the screen sharing stream is based on the value of dimensions. When you do not pass in a value, Agora bills you at 1280 × 720; when you pass in a value, Agora bills you at that value. See <xref keyref="guide-bill"/>.</li>
                    <li>The value of this parameter does not indicate the orientation mode of the output video. For how to set the video orientation, see <xref keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE"/>.</li>
                    <li>Whether the 720p resolution or above can be supported depends on the device. If the device cannot support 720p, the frame rate will be lower than the set value.</li>
                    </ul> </note></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android">
                <pt>height</pt>
                <pd>The height (px) of the video encoding resolution. The default value is 720. If the aspect ratio is different between width and height and the screen, the SDK adjusts the video encoding resolution according to the following rules (using an example where width × height is 1280 × 720):<ul>
                        <li>When the width and height of the screen are both lower than those of dimensions, the SDK uses the resolution of the screen for video encoding. For example, if the screen is 640 × 360, the SDK uses 640 × 360 for video encoding.</li>
                        <li>When either the width or height of the screen is higher than that of dimensions, the SDK uses the maximum values that do not exceed those of dimensions while maintaining the aspect ratio of the screen for video encoding. For example, if the screen is 2000 × 1500, the SDK uses 960 × 720 for video encoding.</li>
                        </ul><note>
                    <ul>
                    <li>The billing for the screen sharing stream is based on the value of dimensions. When you do not pass in a value, Agora bills you at 1280 × 720; when you pass in a value, Agora bills you at that value. See <xref keyref="guide-bill"/>.</li>
                    <li>The value of this parameter does not indicate the orientation mode of the output video. For how to set the video orientation, see <xref keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE"/>.</li>
                    <li>Whether the 720p resolution or above can be supported depends on the device. If the device cannot support 720p, the frame rate will be lower than the set value.</li>
                    </ul> </note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
              <pt props="android">frameRate</pt>
              <pt props="ios cpp">frameRate</pt>
                <pd>The video encoding frame rate (fps). The default value is 15.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>bitrate</pt>
                <pd>The video encoding bitrate (Kbps).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>contentHint</pt>
                <pd><ph>The content hint for screen sharing. </ph><ph props="cpp ios">See <xref
                        keyref="VIDEO_CONTENT_HINT"/>.</ph><ul props="android">
                        <li><ph keyref="CONTENT_HINT_NONE" />(0): (Default) No content hint.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="CONTENT_HINT_MOTION" />(1): Motion-intensive content. Choose this option if you prefer smoothness or when you are sharing a video clip, movie, or video game.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="CONTENT_HINT_DETAILS" />(2): Motionless content. Choose this option if you prefer sharpness or when you are sharing a picture, PowerPoint slides, or texts.</li>
                        </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
