<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_rectangle">
    <title><ph keyref="Rectangle" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The location of the target area relative to the screen or window. If you do not set this parameter, the SDK selects the whole screen or window.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class Rectangle {
  public int x = 0;
  public int y = 0;
  public int width = 0;
  public int height = 0;

  public Rectangle() {
    x = 0;
    y = 0;
    width = 0;
    height = 0;
  }
  public Rectangle(int x_, int y_, int width_, int height_) {
    x = x_;
    y = y_;
    width = width_;
    height = height_;
  }
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts"></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct Rectangle {
    int x;
    int y;
    int width;
    int height;

    Rectangle(): x(0), y(0), width(0), height(0) {}
    Rectangle(int xx, int yy, int ww, int hh): x(xx), y(yy), width(ww), height(hh) {}
};</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FRectangle
{
	GENERATED_BODY()
public:
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|Rectangle&quot;)
	int x = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|Rectangle&quot;)
	int y = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|Rectangle&quot;)
	int width = 0;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|Rectangle&quot;)
	int height = 0;
	FRectangle(){}
	FRectangle(const agora::rtc::Rectangle &amp; AgoraData){
		x = AgoraData.x;
		y = AgoraData.y;
		width = AgoraData.width;
		height = AgoraData.height;
	}
	agora::rtc::Rectangle CreateAgoraData() const {
		agora::rtc::Rectangle AgoraData;
		AgoraData.x = x;
		AgoraData.y = y;
		AgoraData.width = width;
		AgoraData.height = height;
		return AgoraData;
	}
	void FreeAgoraData(agora::rtc::Rectangle&amp; AgoraData) const {
	}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class Rectangle {
  
  x?: number;
  
  y?: number;
  
  width?: number;
  
  height?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class Rectangle
    {
        public Rectangle()
        {
        }

        public Rectangle(int x, int y, int width, int height)
        {
            this.x = x;
            this.y = y;
            this.width = width;
            this.height = height;
        }
        public int x { set; get; }
        public int y { set; get; }
        public int width { set; get; }
        public int height { set; get; }
    }   </codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class Rectangle {
  
  x?: number;
  
  y?: number;
  
  width?: number;
  
  height?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class Rectangle {
  const Rectangle({this.x, this.y, this.width, this.height});

  @JsonKey(name: 'x')
  final int? x;
  @JsonKey(name: 'y')
  final int? y;
  @JsonKey(name: 'width')
  final int? width;
  @JsonKey(name: 'height')
  final int? height;
  factory Rectangle.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$RectangleFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$RectangleToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>x</pt>
                <pd>The horizontal offset from the top-left corner.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>y</pt>
                <pd>The vertical offset from the top-left corner.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>width</pt>
                <pd>The width of the target area.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>height</pt>
                <pd>The height of the target area.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>