<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_lowlightenhanceoptions">
  <title> <ph keyref="LowlightEnhanceOptions"/> </title>
  <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The low-light enhancement options.</ph></shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section id="prototype">
      <p outputclass="codeblock">
      <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class LowLightEnhanceOptions {
    public static final int LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_AUTO = 0;
    public static final int LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_MANUAL = 1;
    public static final int LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY = 0;
    public static final int LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_FAST = 1;
    public int lowlightEnhanceMode;
    public int lowlightEnhanceLevel;

  public LowLightEnhanceOptions() {
    lowlightEnhanceMode = LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_AUTO;
    lowlightEnhanceLevel = LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY;
  }

  public LowLightEnhanceOptions(int mode, int level) {
    lowlightEnhanceMode = mode;
    lowlightEnhanceLevel = level;
  }
}</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraLowlightEnhanceOptions : NSObject
@property(nonatomic, assign) AgoraLowlightEnhanceMode mode;
@property(nonatomic, assign) AgoraLowlightEnhanceLevel level;
@end</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LowlightEnhanceOptions {
    enum LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_MODE {
        LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_AUTO = 0,
        LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_MANUAL = 1,
  };
    enum LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL {
        LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY = 0,
        LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_FAST = 1,
  };

    LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_MODE mode;

    LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL level;

  LowlightEnhanceOptions(LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_MODE lowlightMode, LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL lowlightLevel) : mode(lowlightMode), level(lowlightLevel) {}

  LowlightEnhanceOptions() : mode(LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_AUTO), level(LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY) {}
};
</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
      <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
      <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
      <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
    </section>
    <section id="parameters">
      <title> <text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"/>
      </title>
      <parml>
      <plentry>
        <pt>level</pt>
        <pd><ph>The low-light enhancement level. </ph><ph props="apple cpp">See <xref keyref="LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL"/>.</ph><ul props="android">
          <li><ph keyref="LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY"/>0: (Default) Promotes video quality during low-light enhancement. It processes the brightness, details, and noise of the video image. The performance consumption is moderate, the processing speed is moderate, and the overall video quality is optimal.</li>
          <li><ph keyref="LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_LEVEL_FAST"/>1: Promotes performance during low-light enhancement. It processes the brightness and details of the video image. The processing speed is faster.</li>
          </ul> </pd>
      </plentry>
      <plentry>
        <pt>mode</pt>
        <pd><ph>The low-light enhancement mode. </ph><ph props="apple cpp">See <xref keyref="LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_MODE"/>.</ph><ul props="android">
          <li><ph keyref="LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_AUTO"/>0: (Default) Automatic mode. The SDK automatically enables or disables the low-light enhancement feature according to the ambient light to compensate for the lighting level or prevent overexposure, as necessary.</li>
          <li><ph keyref="LOW_LIGHT_ENHANCE_MANUAL" />1: Manual mode. Users need to enable or disable the low-light enhancement feature manually.</li>
          </ul> </pd>
      </plentry>
      </parml> </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
