<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_rtcengineconfig_ng">
    <title><ph keyref="RtcEngineConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc"><apiname keyref="RtcEngineConfig"/>Configurations for the  instance. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">Definition of <apiname keyref="RtcEngineConfig"/>.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class RtcEngineConfig {
  public Context mContext;
  public String mAppId;
  public Constants.AreaCode mAreaCode;
  public IAgoraEventHandler mEventHandler;
  public int mChannelProfile;
  public int mAudioScenario;
  public List&lt;String&gt; mExtensionList;
  public IMediaExtensionObserver mExtensionObserver;
  public LogConfig mLogConfig;
  public String mNativeLibPath;

  public static class LogConfig {
    public String filePath;
    public int fileSizeInKB;
    public int level = Constants.LogLevel.getValue(Constants.LogLevel.LOG_LEVEL_INFO);

    @CalledByNative("LogConfig")
    public String getFilePath() {
      return filePath;
    }

    @CalledByNative("LogConfig")
    public int getFileSize() {
      return fileSizeInKB;
    }

    @CalledByNative("LogConfig")
    public int getLevel() {
      return level;
    }
  }

  public RtcEngineConfig() {
    mContext = null;
    mAppId = "";
    mChannelProfile = Constants.CHANNEL_PROFILE_LIVE_BROADCASTING;
    mEventHandler = null;
    mAudioScenario = Constants.AUDIO_SCENARIO_HIGH_DEFINITION;
    mAreaCode = Constants.AreaCode.AREA_CODE_GLOB;
    mExtensionList = new ArrayList&lt;&gt;();
    mExtensionObserver = null;
    mLogConfig = new LogConfig();
  }

  public void addExtension(String providerName) {
    mExtensionList.add(providerName);
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public Context getContext() {
    return mContext;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public String getAppId() {
    return mAppId;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public int getChannelProfile() {
    return mChannelProfile;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public int getAudioScenario() {
    return mAudioScenario;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public int getAreaCode() {
    return Constants.AreaCode.getValue(mAreaCode);
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public IMediaExtensionObserver getExtensionObserver() {
    return mExtensionObserver;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public LogConfig getLogConfig() {
    return mLogConfig;
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraRtcEngineConfig: NSObject

@property (copy, nonatomic) NSString * _Nullable appId;
@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraChannelProfile channelProfile;
@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraAudioScenario audioScenario;
@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraAreaCodeType areaCode;
@property (strong, nonatomic) AgoraLogConfig * _Nullable logConfig;
@property (copy, nonatomic) NSArray&lt;id&lt;AgoraMediaFilterExtensionDelegate>>* _Nullable mediaFilterExtensions;
@property (weak, nonatomic) id&lt;AgoraMediaFilterEventDelegate> _Nullable eventDelegate;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct RtcEngineContext {
  IRtcEngineEventHandler* eventHandler;
  const char* appId;
  void* context;
  CHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE channelProfile;
  AUDIO_SCENARIO_TYPE audioScenario;
  unsigned int areaCode;
  commons::LogConfig logConfig;

  RtcEngineContext()
      : eventHandler(NULL), appId(NULL), context(NULL),
        channelProfile(CHANNEL_PROFILE_LIVE_BROADCASTING),
        audioScenario(AUDIO_SCENARIO_HIGH_DEFINITION),
        areaCode(AREA_CODE_GLOB),
        logConfig() {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class RtcEngineContext
    {
        public RtcEngineContext(IAgoraRtcEngineEventHandler eventHandler, string appId, byte[] context,
            bool enableAudioDevice, CHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE channelProfile, AUDIO_SCENARIO_TYPE audioScenario,
            AREA_CODE areaCode = AREA_CODE.AREA_CODE_CN,
            LogConfig logConfig = null)
        {
            this.eventHandler = eventHandler;
            this.appId = appId;
            this.context = context;
            this.enableAudioDevice = enableAudioDevice;
            this.channelProfile = channelProfile;
            this.audioScenario = audioScenario;
            _areaCode = (uint) areaCode;
            this.logConfig = logConfig ?? new LogConfig();
        }


        public IAgoraRtcEngineEventHandler eventHandler { set; get; }
        public string appId { set; get; }
        public byte[] context { set; get; }
        public bool enableAudioDevice { set; get; }
        public CHANNEL_PROFILE_TYPE channelProfile { set; get; }
        public AUDIO_SCENARIO_TYPE audioScenario { set; get; }
        public LogConfig logConfig { set; get; }
        public AREA_CODE areaCode
        {
            get { return (AREA_CODE) _areaCode; }
            set { _areaCode = (uint) areaCode; }
        }
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
            /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="cpp android unity">
                <pt props="cpp unity">eventHandler eventHandler</pt>
                <pt props="android">mEventHandler mEventHandler</pt>
                <pd id="eventhandler"><xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>The event handler for . See <xref keyref="IRtcEngineEventHandler"/>. The event handler for <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>. See <xref keyref="IRtcEngineEventHandler"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp ios mac unity">appId appId</pt>
                <pt props="android">mAppId mAppId</pt>
                <pd id="appid">The App ID issued by Agora for your project. The App ID issued by Agora for your project. Only users in apps with the same App ID can join the same channel and communicate with each other. Only users in apps with the same App ID can join the same channel and communicate with each other. An App ID can only be used to create one  instance<apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/>. An App ID can only be used to create one <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> instance. To change your App ID, call  to<xref keyref="release"/> destroy the current  instance<apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/>, and then create a new one. To change your App ID, call <xref keyref="release"/> to destroy the current <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> instance, and then create a new one.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp unity">
                <pt props="cpp unity">context context</pt>
                <pt props="android">mContext mContext</pt>
                <pd id="context">
                    <ul props="cpp unity">
                    <li>For Windows, it is the window handle of the app. For Windows, it is the window handle of the app. Once set, this parameter enables you to connect or disconnect the video devices while they are powered. Once set, this parameter enables you to connect or disconnect the video devices while they are powered.</li>
                    <li>For Android, it is the context of Android Activity. For Android, it is the context of Android Activity.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <p props="android">The context of Android Activity. The context of Android Activity.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android">
                <pt>mNativeLibPath mNativeLibPath</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Specifies the storage directory for the <codeph>.so</codeph> files. Specifies the storage directory for the <codeph>.so</codeph> files. The storage directory must be a valid and private directory of the app, which can be obtained using <codeph>Context.getDir()</codeph>. The storage directory must be a valid and private directory of the app, which can be obtained using <codeph>Context.getDir()</codeph>.</p>
                    <ul>
                    <li>If you set this parameter, the SDK automatically loads the <codeph>.so</codeph> files in the directory you specify, so that the app dynamically loads the required <codeph>.so </codeph>files when it runs, thereby reducing the package size. If you set this parameter, the SDK automatically loads the <codeph>.so</codeph> files in the directory you specify, so that the app dynamically loads the required <codeph>.so</codeph> files when it runs, thereby reducing the package size.</li>
                    <li>If you do not set this parameter or set it to null, the SDK loads the <codeph>.so </codeph>files from the default app's <codeph>nativeLibraryPath</codeph> when compiling the app, which increases the package size compared to the previous method. If you do not set this parameter or set it to null, the SDK loads the <codeph>.sofiles</codeph> from the default app's <codeph>nativeLibraryPath</codeph> when compiling the app, which increases the package size compared to the previous method.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <note type="attention">
                    <ul>
                    <li>This method is applicable when you integrate the SDK manually but not when you integrate the SDK with Maven Central or JitPack. This method is applicable when you integrate the SDK manually but not when you integrate the SDK with Maven Central or JitPack.</li>
                    <li>Ensure the specified directory exists; otherwise, the<xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>  initialization fails. Ensure the specified directory exists; otherwise, the <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> initialization fails.</li>
                    </ul></note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="unity">
                <pt>enableAudioDevice enableAudioDevice</pt>
                <pd>Whether to allow the SDK to use audio devices: Whether to allow the SDK to use audio devices:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: (Default) Allow the SDK to use audio devices. <codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: (Default) Allow the SDK to use audio devices.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not allow the SDK to use audio devices. <codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not allow the SDK to use audio devices.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
                <pd>
                    <note type="attention">
                    <p><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>If you need to<xref keyref="pullAudioFrame"/> get the mixed remote audio data through , ensure that you set this parameter as . If you need to get the mixed remote audio data through <xref keyref="pullAudioFrame"/>, ensure that you set this parameter as <codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>.</p>
                    </note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp ios mac unity">channelProfile channelProfile</pt>
                <pt props="android">mChannelProfile mChannelProfile</pt>
                <pd conkeyref="setChannelProfile/channelprofiletype"/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp ios mac unity">audioScenario audioScenario</pt>
                <pt props="android">mAudioScenario mAudioScenario</pt>
                <pd conkeyref="setAudioProfile/scenario-ng"/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp ios mac unity">areaCode areaCode</pt>
                <pt props="android">mAreaCode mAreaCode</pt>
                <pd>The region for connection. The region for connection. This is an advanced feature and applies to scenarios that have regional restrictions. This is an advanced feature and applies to scenarios that have regional restrictions. For details on supported regions, see <xref keyref="AREA_CODE"/>. For details on supported regions, see <xref keyref="AREA_CODE"/>. The area codes support bitwise operation. The area codes support bitwise operation.<p>After specifying the region, the app integrated with the Agora SDK connects to the Agora servers within that region. After specifying the region, the app integrated with the Agora SDK connects to the Agora servers within that region.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp ios mac unity">logConfig logConfig</pt>
                <pt props="android">mLogConfig mLogConfig</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The log files that the SDK outputs. The log files that the SDK outputs. See <xref keyref="LogConfig"/>. See <xref keyref="LogConfig"/>.</p>
                    <p>By default, the SDK generates five SDK log files and five API call log files with the following rules: By default, the SDK generates five SDK log files and five API call log files with the following rules:</p>
                    <ul conkeyref="setLogFileSize/logprinciple">
                    <li/>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android">
                <pt>mExtensionList mExtensionList</pt>
                <pd>Extension libraries. Extension libraries.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android ios mac">
                <pt props="android">mExtensionObserver mExtensionObserver</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac">eventDelegate eventDelegate</pt>
                <pd>The <xref keyref="IMediaExtensionObserver"/> instance. The <xref keyref="IMediaExtensionObserver"/> instance.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios mac">
                <pt>mediaFilterExtensions mediaFilterExtensions</pt>
                <pd><xref keyref="AgoraMediaFilterExtensionDelegate"/>The  instance. The <xref keyref="AgoraMediaFilterExtensionDelegate"/> instance.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
