<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_audioencodedframeobserverconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Observer settings for the encoded audio.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc-ng">
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig 
    {
        public AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig()
        {
            postionType = AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION.AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION_PLAYBACK;
            encodingType = AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE.AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_48000_MEDIUM;
        }

        public AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig(AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION postionType, 
                                                AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE encodingType)
        {
            this.encodingType = encodingType;
            this.postionType = postionType;
        }

        public AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION postionType { set; get; } 
        public AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE encodingType { set; get; }
    }</codeblock> </p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig {
  public int postionType;
  public int encodingType;

  public AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig() {
    postionType = Constants.AUDIO_FILE_RECORDING_PLAYBACK;
    encodingType = Constants.AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_48000_MEDIUM;
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraAudioEncodedFrameDelegateConfig: NSObject
@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraAudioEncodedFrameDelegatePosition postionType;
@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraAudioEncodingType encodingType;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig {
    AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION postionType;
    AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE encodingType;
    AudioEncodedFrameObserverConfig()
    : postionType(AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION_PLAYBACK),
      encodingType(AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_48000_MEDIUM){}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart" /> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>postionType</pt>
                    <pd><p props="ios mac cpp">Audio profile. For details, see <xref keyref="AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION" />.</p>
                        <p props="android">Audio profile:<ul>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION_RECORD" /> 1: Only encode the audio of the local user.</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION_PLAYBACK" /> 2: Only encode the audio of all remote users.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODED_FRAME_OBSERVER_POSITION_MIXED" /> 3: Records the mixed audio of the local and all remote users.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>encodingType</pt>
                    <pd><p props="ios mac cpp">Audio encoding type. For details, see <xref keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE" />.</p>
                        <p props="android">Audio encoding type.<ul>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_16000_LOW" />: AAC encoding format, 16000 Hz sampling rate, low quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 1.2 MB after encoding.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_16000_MEDIUM" />: AAC encoding format, 16000 Hz sampling rate, medium quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_32000_LOW" />: AAC encoding format, 32000 Hz sampling rate, low quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 1.2 MB after encoding.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_32000_MEDIUM" />: AAC encoding format, 32000 Hz sampling rate, medium quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_32000_HIGH" />: AAC encoding format, 32000 Hz sampling rate, high quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 3.5 MB after encoding.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_48000_MEDIUM" />: AAC encoding format, 48000 Hz sampling rate, medium quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_48000_HIGH" />: AAC encoding format, 48000 Hz sampling rate, high quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 3.5 MB after encoding.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_16000_LOW" />: OPUS encoding format, 16000 Hz sampling rate, low quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_16000_MEDIUM" />: OPUS encoding format, 16000 Hz sampling rate, medium quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_48000_MEDIUM" />: OPUS encoding format, 48000 Hz sampling rate, medium quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_48000_HIGH" />: OPUS encoding format, 48000 Hz sampling rate, high quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 3.5 MB after encoding.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>