<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_mediarecorderconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="MediaRecorderConfiguration" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The recording configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class MediaRecorderConfiguration {
    public String storagePath;
    public int containerFormat = CONTAINER_MP4;
    public int streamType = STREAM_TYPE_BOTH;
    public int maxDurationMs = 120000;
    public int recorderInfoUpdateInterval = 0;

    public MediaRecorderConfiguration(String storagePath, int containerFormat, int streamType,
        int maxDurationMs, int recorderInfoUpdateInterval) {
      this.storagePath = storagePath;
      this.containerFormat = containerFormat;
      this.streamType = streamType;
      this.maxDurationMs = maxDurationMs;
      this.recorderInfoUpdateInterval = recorderInfoUpdateInterval;
    }
  }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">export class MediaRecorderConfiguration {
  
  public storagePath: string;
  
  public containerFormat: number = AgoraMediaRecorder.CONTAINER_MP4;
  
  public streamType: number = AgoraMediaRecorder.STREAM_TYPE_BOTH;
  
  public maxDurationMs: number = 120000;
  
  public recorderInfoUpdateInterval: number = 0;
  public constructor(storagePath: string, containerFormat: number, streamType: number,
                     maxDurationMs: number, recorderInfoUpdateInterval: number) {
    this.storagePath = storagePath;
    this.containerFormat = containerFormat;
    this.streamType = streamType;
    this.maxDurationMs = maxDurationMs;
    this.recorderInfoUpdateInterval = recorderInfoUpdateInterval;
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraMediaRecorderConfiguration : NSObject
@property(copy, nonatomic) NSString* _Nonnull storagePath;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraMediaRecorderContainerFormat containerFormat;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraMediaRecorderStreamType streamType;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger maxDurationMs;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger recorderInfoUpdateInterval;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct MediaRecorderConfiguration {
  const char* storagePath;
  MediaRecorderContainerFormat containerFormat;
  MediaRecorderStreamType streamType;
  int maxDurationMs;
  int recorderInfoUpdateInterval;

  MediaRecorderConfiguration() : storagePath(NULL), containerFormat(FORMAT_MP4), streamType(STREAM_TYPE_BOTH), maxDurationMs(120000), recorderInfoUpdateInterval(0) {}
  MediaRecorderConfiguration(const char* path, MediaRecorderContainerFormat format, MediaRecorderStreamType type, int duration, int interval) : storagePath(path), containerFormat(format), streamType(type), maxDurationMs(duration), recorderInfoUpdateInterval(interval) {}
};</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FMediaRecorderConfiguration
{
	GENERATED_BODY()

	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|MediaRecorderConfiguration&quot;)
	FString storagePath;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|MediaRecorderConfiguration&quot;)
	EMediaRecorderContainerFormat containerFormat = EMediaRecorderContainerFormat::FORMAT_MP4;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|MediaRecorderConfiguration&quot;)
	EMediaRecorderStreamType streamType = EMediaRecorderStreamType::STREAM_TYPE_BOTH;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|MediaRecorderConfiguration&quot;)
	int maxDurationMs;
	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|MediaRecorderConfiguration&quot;)
	int recorderInfoUpdateInterval;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class MediaRecorderConfiguration {

  storagePath?: string;

  containerFormat?: MediaRecorderContainerFormat;

  streamType?: MediaRecorderStreamType;

  maxDurationMs?: number;

  recorderInfoUpdateInterval?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public struct MediaRecorderConfiguration {
        public string storagePath;
        public MediaRecorderContainerFormat containerFormat;
        public MediaRecorderStreamType streamType;
        public int maxDurationMs;
        public int recorderInfoUpdateInterval;
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class MediaRecorderConfiguration {

  storagePath?: string;

  containerFormat?: MediaRecorderContainerFormat;

  streamType?: MediaRecorderStreamType;

  maxDurationMs?: number;

  recorderInfoUpdateInterval?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class MediaRecorderConfiguration {

  const MediaRecorderConfiguration(
      {this.storagePath,
      this.containerFormat,
      this.streamType,
      this.maxDurationMs,
      this.recorderInfoUpdateInterval});

  @JsonKey(name: 'storagePath')
  final String? storagePath;

  @JsonKey(name: 'containerFormat')
  final MediaRecorderContainerFormat? containerFormat;

  @JsonKey(name: 'streamType')
  final MediaRecorderStreamType? streamType;

  @JsonKey(name: 'maxDurationMs')
  final int? maxDurationMs;

  @JsonKey(name: 'recorderInfoUpdateInterval')
  final int? recorderInfoUpdateInterval;

  factory MediaRecorderConfiguration.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$MediaRecorderConfigurationFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$MediaRecorderConfigurationToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p />
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>storagePath</pt>
                <pd>The absolute path (including the filename extensions) of the recording file. For example:<ul>
                    <li props="cpp unreal bp unity electron flutter cs">Windows: <codeph>C:\Users\&lt;user_name>\AppData\Local\Agora\&lt;process_name>\example.mp4</codeph></li>
                    <li props="ios cpp unreal bp unity rn flutter">iOS: <codeph>/App Sandbox/Library/Caches/example.mp4</codeph></li>
                    <li props="mac cpp unreal bp unity electron flutter">macOS: <codeph>～/Library/Logs/example.mp4</codeph></li>
                    <li props="android cpp unreal bp unity rn flutter">Android:<codeph> /storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;package name>/files/agorasdk.mp4</codeph></li>
                    </ul>
                    <note type="attention">Ensure that the directory for the log files exists and is writable.</note></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>containerFormat</pt>
                <pd props="cpp unreal bp ios mac electron rn flutter unity cs">The format of the recording file. See <xref keyref="MediaRecorderContainerFormat" />.</pd>
                <pd props="android">The format of the recording file. Only <apiname keyref="FORMAT_MP4" /> is supported.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>streamType</pt>
                <pd props="ios mac cpp unreal bp rn unity electron flutter cs">The recording content. See <xref keyref="MediaRecorderStreamType"/>.</pd>
                <pd props="android">The recording content:<ul>
                    <li><apiname keyref="STREAM_TYPE_AUDIO" />: Only audio.</li>
                    <li><apiname keyref="STREAM_TYPE_VIDEO" />: Only video.</li>
                    <li><apiname keyref="STREAM_TYPE_BOTH" />: (Default) Audio and video.</li>
                </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>maxDurationMs</pt>
                <pd>The maximum recording duration, in milliseconds. The default value is 120000.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>recorderInfoUpdateInterval</pt>
                <pd>The interval (ms) of updating the recording information. The value range is [1000,10000]. Based on the value you set in this parameter, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRecorderInfoUpdated" /> callback to report the updated recording information.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
