<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_audiotrackconfig">
  <title> <ph keyref="AudioTrackConfig" /> </title>
  <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The configuration of custom audio tracks.</ph></shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section id="prototype">
      <p outputclass="codeblock">
      <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class AudioTrackConfig {
  
  public boolean enableLocalPlayback;
  
  public boolean enableAudioProcessing;
  public AudioTrackConfig() {
    this.enableLocalPlayback = true;
    this.enableAudioProcessing = false;
  }
  @Override
  public String toString() {
    return &quot;AudioTrackConfig{&quot;
        + &quot;enableLocalPlayback=&quot; + enableLocalPlayback + &quot;enableAudioProcessing&quot;
        + enableAudioProcessing + &#x27;}&#x27;;
  }
}</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="hmos" outputclass="language-arkts">export class AudioTrackConfig {
  
  public enableLocalPlayback: boolean = true;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">NS_SWIFT_NAME(AgoraAudioTrackConfig) __attribute__((visibility(&quot;default&quot;))) @interface AgoraAudioTrackConfig : NSObject
@property (assign, nonatomic) BOOL enableLocalPlayback NS_SWIFT_NAME(enableLocalPlayback);
@property (assign, nonatomic) BOOL enableAudioProcessing NS_SWIFT_NAME(enableAudioProcessing);
@end</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="cpp unreal" outputclass="language-cpp">struct AudioTrackConfig {
  
  bool enableLocalPlayback;
  
  bool enableAudioProcessing;
  AudioTrackConfig() : enableLocalPlayback(true),enableAudioProcessing(false) {}
};</codeblock>
         <codeblock props="bp" outputclass="language-cpp">USTRUCT(BlueprintType)
struct FAudioTrackConfig
{
	GENERATED_BODY()

	UPROPERTY(VisibleAnywhere, BlueprintReadWrite, Category = &quot;Agora|AudioTrackConfig&quot;)
	bool enableLocalPlayback = true;
};</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class AudioTrackConfig {
  enableLocalPlayback?: boolean;
  enableAudioProcessing?: boolean;
}</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="unity cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class AudioTrackConfig
{
    public bool enableLocalPlayback;
    public bool enableAudioProcessing;
}</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class AudioTrackConfig {
  enableLocalPlayback?: boolean;
  enableAudioProcessing?: boolean;
}</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class AudioTrackConfig {
  const AudioTrackConfig(
      {this.enableLocalPlayback, this.enableAudioProcessing});

  @JsonKey(name: 'enableLocalPlayback')
  final bool? enableLocalPlayback;

  @JsonKey(name: 'enableAudioProcessing')
  final bool? enableAudioProcessing;

  factory AudioTrackConfig.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$AudioTrackConfigFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$AudioTrackConfigToJson(this);
}</codeblock>            
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp"></codeblock></p>
    </section>
    <section id="parameters">
      <title> <text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
      <parml>
      <plentry>
        <pt>enableLocalPlayback</pt>
        <pd>Whether to enable the local audio-playback device:<ul>
                <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: (Default) Enable the local audio-playback device.</li>
                <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not enable the local audio-playback device.</li>
            </ul>
        </pd>
      </plentry>
      <plentry props="cpp apple android unreal unity cs flutter rn electron">
        <pt>enableAudioProcessing</pt>
        <pd>Whether to enable audio processing module:<ul>
                <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>Enable the audio processing module to apply the Automatic Echo Cancellation (AEC), Automatic Noise Suppression (ANS), and Automatic Gain Control (AGC) effects.</li>
                <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Do not enable the audio processing module.</li>
            </ul>
            <note type="attention">This parameter only takes effect on <ph keyref="AUDIO_TRACK_DIRECT"/> in custom audio capturing.</note>
        </pd>
      </plentry>
      </parml> </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>