<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_watermarkratio">
    <title><ph keyref="WatermarkRatio"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The position and size of the watermark on the screen.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct WatermarkRatio {
  float xRatio;
  float yRatio;
  float widthRatio;
  WatermarkRatio() : xRatio(0.0), yRatio(0.0), widthRatio(0.0) {}
  WatermarkRatio(float x, float y, float width) : xRatio(x), yRatio(y), widthRatio(width) {}
};
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class WatermarkRatio {
  xRatio?: number
  yRatio?: number
  widthRatio?: number
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class WatermarkRatio
    {
        public WatermarkRatio()
        {
            xRatio = 0.0f;
            yRatio = 0.0f;
            widthRatio = 0.0f;
        }

        public WatermarkRatio(float x, float y, float width)
        {
            xRatio = x;
            yRatio = y;
            widthRatio = width;
        }
        public float xRatio { set; get; }
        public float yRatio { set; get; }
        public float widthRatio { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class WatermarkRatio {
  xRatio?: number;
  yRatio?: number;
  widthRatio?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class WatermarkRatio {
  const WatermarkRatio({this.xRatio, this.yRatio, this.widthRatio});

  @JsonKey(name: 'xRatio')
  final double? xRatio;
  @JsonKey(name: 'yRatio')
  final double? yRatio;
  @JsonKey(name: 'widthRatio')
  final double? widthRatio;
  factory WatermarkRatio.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic> json) =>
      _$WatermarkRatioFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic> toJson() => _$WatermarkRatioToJson(this);
}</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>The position and size of the watermark on the screen are determined by <parmname>xRatio</parmname>, <parmname>yRatio</parmname>, and <parmname>widthRatio</parmname>:<ul>
            <li>(<parmname>xRatio</parmname>, <parmname>yRatio</parmname>) refers to the coordinates of the upper left corner of the watermark, which determines the distance from the upper left corner of the watermark to the upper left corner of the screen.</li>
            <li>The <parmname>widthRatio</parmname> determines the width of the watermark.</li>
            </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text
            conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
            /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>xRatio</pt>
                <pd>The x-coordinate of the upper left corner of the watermark. The horizontal position relative to the origin, where the upper left corner of the screen is the origin, and the x-coordinate is the upper left corner of the watermark. The value range is [0.0,1.0], and the default value is 0.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>yRatio</pt>
                <pd>The y-coordinate of the upper left corner of the watermark. The vertical position relative to the origin, where the upper left corner of the screen is the origin, and the y-coordinate is the upper left corner of the screen. The value range is [0.0,1.0], and the default value is 0.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>widthRatio</pt>
                <pd>The width of the watermark. The SDK calculates the height of the watermark proportionally according to this parameter value to ensure that the enlarged or reduced watermark image is not distorted. The value range is [0,1], and the default value is 0, which means no watermark is displayed.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
