<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_videosubscriptionoptions">
  <title><ph keyref="VideoSubscriptionOptions" /></title>
  <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Video subscription options.</ph></shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section id="prototype">
      <p outputclass="codeblock">
      <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class VideoSubscriptionOptions {
  public enum REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE {
    REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_HIGH,
    REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_LOW,
  }

  private REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE streamType;

  private Boolean encodedFrameOnly;

  public VideoSubscriptionOptions() {}

  public VideoSubscriptionOptions(REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE streamType, boolean encodedFrameOnly) {
    this.encodedFrameOnly = encodedFrameOnly;
    this.streamType = streamType;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public int getStreamType() {
    return streamType.ordinal();
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public boolean isEncodedFrameOnly() {
    return encodedFrameOnly;
  }

  public void setEncodedFrameOnly(boolean encodedFrameOnly) {
    this.encodedFrameOnly = encodedFrameOnly;
  }

  public void setStreamType(REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE streamType) {
    this.streamType = streamType;
  }
}</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraVideoSubscriptionOptions: NSObject

@property (nonatomic, assign) AgoraVideoStreamType type;
@property (nonatomic, assign) bool encodedFrameOnly;

@end</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct VideoSubscriptionOptions {
        Optional&lt;VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE&gt; type;
        Optional&lt;bool&gt; encodedFrameOnly;

    VideoSubscriptionOptions() {}
};</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp" />
      <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class VideoSubscriptionOptions {
  
  type?: VideoStreamType;
  
  encodedFrameOnly?: boolean;
}</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class VideoSubscriptionOptions:OptionalJsonParse
    {
        public Optional&lt;VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE&gt; type = new Optional&lt;VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE&gt;();

        public Optional&lt;bool&gt; encodedFrameOnly = new Optional&lt;bool&gt;();
    }</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class VideoSubscriptionOptions {
  
  type?: VideoStreamType;
 
  encodedFrameOnly?: boolean;
}</codeblock>
      <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class VideoSubscriptionOptions {
  const VideoSubscriptionOptions({this.type, this.encodedFrameOnly});

  @JsonKey(name: 'type')
  final VideoStreamType? type;

  @JsonKey(name: 'encodedFrameOnly')
  final bool? encodedFrameOnly;

  factory VideoSubscriptionOptions.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$VideoSubscriptionOptionsFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$VideoSubscriptionOptionsToJson(this);
}</codeblock>            
            <codeblock props="unreal" outputclass="language-cpp" /></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android">streamType</pt>
                <pt props="ios mac cpp framework">type</pt>
                <pd props="ios mac cpp framework">The video stream type that you want to subscribe to. The default value is <ph keyref="VIDEO_STREAM_HIGH" />, indicating that the high-quality video streams are subscribed. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE" />.</pd>
                <pd props="android">The default video-stream type:<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="VIDEO_STREAM_HIGH" />(0): (Default) High-quality video stream, that is, a high-resolution, high-bit-rate video stream.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="VIDEO_STREAM_LOW" />(1): Low-quality stream, that is, a low-resolution, low-bitrate video stream.</li>
                  </ul>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>encodedFrameOnly</pt>
                <pd>Whether to subscribe to encoded video frames only:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Subscribe to the encoded video data (structured data) only; the SDK does not decode or render raw video data.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Subscribe to both raw video data and encoded video data.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>