<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_videoframe">
    <title><ph keyref="VideoFrame" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Configurations of the video frame.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public interface Buffer extends RefCounted {
    
    @CalledByNative("Buffer") int getWidth();
    @CalledByNative("Buffer") int getHeight();   
    @Override @CalledByNative("Buffer") void retain(); 
    @Override @CalledByNative("Buffer") void release();
    @CalledByNative("Buffer")
    Buffer cropAndScale(
        int cropX, int cropY, int cropWidth, int cropHeight, int scaleWidth, int scaleHeight);

    
    @CalledByNative("Buffer") @Nullable Buffer mirror(int frameRotation);

    
    @CalledByNative("Buffer") @Nullable Buffer rotate(int frameRotation);
    
    @CalledByNative("Buffer")
    @Nullable
    Buffer transform(int cropX, int cropY, int cropWidth, int cropHeight, int scaleWidth,
        int scaleHeight, int frameRotation);
  }

  public interface ColorSpace {
    enum Range {
      Invalid(0),
      Limited(1),
      Full(2),
      Derived(3);
      private final int range;
      private Range(int range) {
        this.range = range;
      }
      public int getRange() {
        return range;
      };
    }

    enum Matrix {
      RGB(0),
      BT709(1),
      Unspecified(2),
      FCC(4),
      BT470BG(5),
      SMPTE170M(6),
      SMPTE240M(7),
      YCOCG(8),
      BT2020_NCL(9),
      BT2020_CL(10),
      SMPTE2085(11),
      CDNCLS(12),
      CDCLS(13),
      BT2100_ICTCP(14);
      private final int matrix;
      private Matrix(int matrix) {
        this.matrix = matrix;
      }
      public int getMatrix() {
        return matrix;
      };
    }

    enum Transfer {
      BT709(1),
      Unspecified(2),
      GAMMA22(4),
      GAMMA28(5),
      SMPTE170M(6),
      SMPTE240M(7),
      LINEAR(8),
      LOG(9),
      LOG_SQRT(10),
      IEC61966_2_4(11),
      BT1361_ECG(12),
      IEC61966_2_1(13),
      BT2020_10(14),
      BT2020_12(15),
      SMPTEST2084(16),
      SMPTEST428(17),
      ARIB_STD_B67(18);
      private final int transfer;
      private Transfer(int transfer) {
        this.transfer = transfer;
      }
      public int getTransfer() {
        return transfer;
      }
    }

    enum Primary {
      BT709(1),
      Unspecified(2),
      BT470M(4),
      BT470BG(5),
      kSMPTE170M(6), 
      kSMPTE240M(7),
      kFILM(8),
      kBT2020(9),
      kSMPTEST428(10),
      kSMPTEST431(11),
      kSMPTEST432(12),
      kJEDECP22(22);
      private final int primary;
      private Primary(int primary) {
        this.primary = primary;
      }
      public int getPrimary() {
        return primary;
      }
    }

    Range getRange();
    Matrix getMatrix();
    Transfer getTransfer();
    Primary getPrimary();
  }

  public enum SourceType {
    kFrontCamera,
    kBackCamera,
    kUnspecified,
  }

  
  private Buffer buffer;
  private int rotation;
  private long timestampNs;
  private ColorSpace colorSpace;
  private SourceType sourceType;
  private float sampleAspectRatio;
  public VideoFrame(Buffer buffer, int rotation, long timestampNs) {
    this(buffer, rotation, timestampNs, null, null, 1.0f, SourceType.kUnspecified.ordinal());
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public VideoFrame(Buffer buffer, int rotation, long timestampNs, ColorSpace colorSpace,
    float sampleAspectRatio, int sourceType) {
    if (buffer == null) {
      throw new IllegalArgumentException("buffer not allowed to be null");
    }
    if (rotation % 90 != 0) {
      throw new IllegalArgumentException("rotation must be a multiple of 90");
    }
    this.buffer = buffer;
    this.rotation = rotation;
    this.timestampNs = timestampNs;
    this.colorSpace = colorSpace;
    this.sampleAspectRatio = sampleAspectRatio;
    this.sourceType = SourceType.values()[sourceType];
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public SourceType getSourceType() {
    return sourceType;
  }

  public float getSampleAspectRatio() {
    return sampleAspectRatio;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public Buffer getBuffer() {
    return buffer;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public int getRotation() {
    return rotation;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public long getTimestampNs() {
    return timestampNs;
  }

  public int getRotatedWidth() {
    if (rotation % 180 == 0) {
      return buffer.getWidth();
    }
    return buffer.getHeight();
  }

  public int getRotatedHeight() {
    if (rotation % 180 == 0) {
      return buffer.getHeight();
    }
    return buffer.getWidth();
  }

  
  public void replaceBuffer(Buffer buffer, int rotation, long timestampNs) {
    release();
    this.buffer = buffer;
    this.rotation = rotation;
    this.timestampNs = timestampNs;
  }

  public ColorSpace getColorSpace() {
    return colorSpace;
  }

  @Override
  public void retain() {
    buffer.retain();
  }

  @Override
  @CalledByNative
  public void release() {
    buffer.release();
  }
}
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraOutputVideoFrame : NSObject
@property (nonatomic, assign) NSInteger type;
@property (nonatomic, assign) int width;
@property (nonatomic, assign) int height;
@property (nonatomic, assign) int yStride;
@property (nonatomic, assign) int uStride;
@property (nonatomic, assign) int vStride;
@property (nonatomic, assign) uint8_t* _Nullable yBuffer;
@property (nonatomic, assign) uint8_t* _Nullable uBuffer;
@property (nonatomic, assign) uint8_t* _Nullable vBuffer;
@property (nonatomic, assign) int rotation;
@property (nonatomic, assign) int64_t renderTimeMs;
@property (nonatomic, assign) int avSyncType;
@property(assign, nonatomic) CVPixelBufferRef _Nullable pixelBuffer;

@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct VideoFrame {
  VideoFrame():
  type(VIDEO_PIXEL_DEFAULT),
  width(0),
  height(0),
  yStride(0),
  uStride(0),
  vStride(0),
  yBuffer(NULL),
  uBuffer(NULL),
  vBuffer(NULL),
  rotation(0),
  renderTimeMs(0),
  avsync_type(0),
  metadata_buffer(NULL),
  metadata_size(0),
  sharedContext(0),
  textureId(0),

    VIDEO_PIXEL_FORMAT type;
    int width;
    int height;
    int yStride;
    int uStride;
    int vStride;
    uint8_t* yBuffer;
    uint8_t* uBuffer;
    uint8_t* vBuffer;
    int rotation;
    int64_t renderTimeMs;
    int avsync_type;
    uint8_t* metadata_buffer;
    int metadata_size;
    void* sharedContext;
    int textureId;
    float matrix[16];
};
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class VideoFrame {
  
  type?: VideoPixelFormat;
  
  width?: number;
  
  height?: number;
  
  yStride?: number;
  
  uStride?: number;
  
  vStride?: number;
  
  yBuffer?: Uint8Array;
  
  uBuffer?: Uint8Array;
  
  vBuffer?: Uint8Array;
  
  rotation?: number;
  
  renderTimeMs?: number;
  
  avsync_type?: number;
  
  metadata_buffer?: Uint8Array;
  
  metadata_size?: number;
  
  textureId?: number;
  
  matrix?: number[];
  
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class VideoFrame
    {
        public VideoFrame()
        {
            type = VIDEO_PIXEL_FORMAT.VIDEO_PIXEL_DEFAULT;
            width = 0;
            height = 0;
            yStride = 0;
            uStride = 0;
            vStride = 0;
            yBuffer = new byte[0];
            uBuffer = new byte[0];
            vBuffer = new byte[0];
            yBufferPtr = IntPtr.Zero;
            uBufferPtr = IntPtr.Zero;
            vBufferPtr = IntPtr.Zero;
            rotation = 0;
            renderTimeMs = 0;
            avsync_type = 0;
            metadata_buffer = IntPtr.Zero;
            metadata_size = 0;
            sharedContext = IntPtr.Zero;
            textureId = 0;
            matrix = new float[16];
        }

        public VIDEO_PIXEL_FORMAT type;

        public int width;

        public int height;

        public int yStride;

        public int uStride;

        public int vStride;

        public byte[] yBuffer;

        public IntPtr yBufferPtr;

        public byte[] uBuffer;

        public IntPtr uBufferPtr;

        public byte[] vBuffer;

        public IntPtr vBufferPtr;

        public int rotation;

        public long renderTimeMs;

        public int avsync_type;

        public IntPtr metadata_buffer;

        public int metadata_size;

        public IntPtr sharedContext;

        public int textureId;

        public float[] matrix;


    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class VideoFrame {
  
  type?: VideoPixelFormat;
  
  width?: number;
  
  height?: number;
  
  yStride?: number;
  
  uStride?: number;
  
  vStride?: number;
  
  yBuffer?: Uint8Array;
  
  uBuffer?: Uint8Array;
  
  vBuffer?: Uint8Array;
  
  rotation?: number;
  
  renderTimeMs?: number;
  
  avsync_type?: number;
  
  metadata_buffer?: Uint8Array;
  
  metadata_size?: number;
  
  textureId?: number;
  
  matrix?: number[];
  
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class VideoFrame {
  const VideoFrame(
      {this.type,
      this.width,
      this.height,
      this.yStride,
      this.uStride,
      this.vStride,
      this.yBuffer,
      this.uBuffer,
      this.vBuffer,
      this.rotation,
      this.renderTimeMs,
      this.avsyncType,
      this.metadataBuffer,
      this.metadataSize,
      this.textureId,
      this.matrix,

  @JsonKey(name: 'type')
  final VideoPixelFormat? type;

  @JsonKey(name: 'width')
  final int? width;

  @JsonKey(name: 'height')
  final int? height;

  @JsonKey(name: 'yStride')
  final int? yStride;

  @JsonKey(name: 'uStride')
  final int? uStride;

  @JsonKey(name: 'vStride')
  final int? vStride;

  @JsonKey(name: 'yBuffer', ignore: true)
  final Uint8List? yBuffer;

  @JsonKey(name: 'uBuffer', ignore: true)
  final Uint8List? uBuffer;

  @JsonKey(name: 'vBuffer', ignore: true)
  final Uint8List? vBuffer;

  @JsonKey(name: 'rotation')
  final int? rotation;

  @JsonKey(name: 'renderTimeMs')
  final int? renderTimeMs;

  @JsonKey(name: 'avsync_type')
  final int? avsyncType;

  @JsonKey(name: 'metadata_buffer', ignore: true)
  final Uint8List? metadataBuffer;

  @JsonKey(name: 'metadata_size')
  final int? metadataSize;

  @JsonKey(name: 'textureId')
  final int? textureId;

  @JsonKey(name: 'matrix')
  final List&lt;double&gt;? matrix;

  factory VideoFrame.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$VideoFrameFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$VideoFrameToJson(this);
}</codeblock>            
            <codeblock props="reserve" outputclass="language-cpp" /></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>Note that the buffer provides a pointer to a pointer. This interface cannot modify the pointer of the buffer, but it can modify the content of the buffer.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
        <plentry props="apple cpp unity flutter rn electron">
          <pt>type</pt>
          <pd props="cpp unity electron rn flutter">The pixel format. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_PIXEL_FORMAT" />.</pd>
          <pd props="ios mac" conkeyref="ExternalVideoFrame/oc-format" />
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="apple cpp unity flutter rn electron">
          <pt>width</pt>
          <pd>The width of the video, in pixels.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="apple cpp unity flutter rn electron">
          <pt>height</pt>
          <pd>The height of the video, in pixels.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="apple cpp unity flutter rn electron">
          <pt>yStride</pt>
          <pd>For YUV data, the line span of the Y buffer; for RGBA data, the total data length.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="apple cpp unity flutter rn electron">
          <pt>uStride</pt>
          <pd>For YUV data, the line span of the U buffer; for RGBA data, the value is 0.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="apple cpp unity flutter rn electron">
          <pt>vStride</pt>
          <pd>For YUV data, the line span of the V buffer; for RGBA data, the value is 0.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="apple cpp unity flutter rn electron">
          <pt>yBuffer</pt>
          <pd>For YUV data, the pointer to the Y buffer; for RGBA data, the data buffer.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="apple cpp unity flutter rn electron">
          <pt>uBuffer</pt>
          <pd>For YUV data, the pointer to the U buffer; for RGBA data, the value is 0.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="apple cpp unity flutter rn electron">
          <pt>vBuffer</pt>
          <pd>For YUV data, the pointer to the V buffer; for RGBA data, the value is 0.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="hide">
          <pt>I420Buffer</pt>
          <pd>The buffer for I420 video frames, including YUV data.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="hide">
          <pt>I422Buffer</pt>
          <pd>The buffer for I420 video frames, including YUV data.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="hide">
          <pt>TextureBuffer</pt>
          <pd>The buffer for Texture video frames, which can be OES or RGB format.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="android">
          <pt>buffer</pt>
          <pd>
            <note type="caution">This parameter cannot be empty; otherwise, an error  can occur.</note>Buffer data.  The methods associated with this parameter are as follows:</pd>
          <pd>
            <ul>
              <li><codeph>getRotatedWidth</codeph>: Gets the width of the rotated video frame.</li>
              <li><codeph>getRotatedHeight</codeph>: Gets the height of the rotated video frame.</li>
              <li><codeph>replaceBuffer</codeph>: Replaces the data in the <codeph>buffer </codeph>with the new video frames.</li>
              <li><codeph>retain</codeph>: Increments the reference count of the buffer by 1.</li>
              <li><codeph>release</codeph>: Decrements the reference count of the buffer by 1. When the count reaches 0, the buffer's resources are released.</li>
            </ul>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>rotation</pt>
          <pd>The clockwise rotation of the video frame before rendering. Supported values include 0, 90, 180, and 270 degrees.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="apple cpp unity flutter rn electron">
          <pt>renderTimeMs</pt>
          <pd>The Unix timestamp (ms) when the video frame is rendered. This timestamp can be used to guide the rendering of the video frame. It is required.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="android">
          <pt>timestampNs</pt>
          <pd>The timestamp (ns) of a video frame.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="apple cpp electron rn unity flutter">
          <pt props="apple cpp unity rn electron">avsync_type</pt>
          <pt props="flutter">avsyncType</pt>
          <pd>Reserved for future use.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="cpp electron rn unity flutter">
          <pt props="cpp electron unity rn">metadata_buffer</pt>
          <pt props="flutter">metadataBuffer</pt>
          <pd>This parameter only applies to video data in Texture format. The MetaData buffer. The default value is <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="cpp electron rn unity flutter">
          <pt props="cpp electron unity rn">metadata_size</pt>
          <pt props="flutter">metadataSize</pt>
          <pd>This parameter only applies to video data in Texture format. The MetaData size. The default value is <codeph>0</codeph>.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="cpp unity">
          <pt>sharedContext</pt>
          <pd>This parameter only applies to video data in Texture format. EGL Context.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="cpp electron unity rn flutter">
          <pt>textureId</pt>
          <pd>This parameter only applies to video data in Texture format. Texture ID.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="cpp electron unity rn flutter">
          <pt>matrix</pt>
          <pd>This parameter only applies to video data in Texture format. Incoming 4 × 4 transformational matrix. The typical value is a unit matrix.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="ios mac">
          <pt>pixelBuffer</pt>
          <pd>Fills the data to CVPixelBuffer.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="android">
          <pt>colorSpace</pt>
          <pd>The color space of a video frame. See <xref keyref="videocolorspace-link" />.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="android">
          <pt>sourceType</pt>
          <pd>When using the SDK to capture video, this indicates the type of the video source.<ul>
            <li><parmname>kFrontCamera</parmname>: The front camera.</li>
            <li><parmname>kBackCamera</parmname>: The rear camera.</li>
            <li><parmname>kUnspecified</parmname>: (Default) The video source type is unknown.</li>
            </ul></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="android">
          <pt>sampleAspectRatio</pt>
          <pd>The aspect ratio of a single pixel, which is the ratio of the width to the height of each pixel.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry props="hide">
          <pt>alphaBuffer</pt>
          <pd>
            <p>Indicates the output data of the portrait segmentation algorithm, which is consistent with the size of the video frame. The value range of each pixel is [0,255], where 0 represents the background; 255 represents the foreground (portrait).</p>
            <p>In the custom video renderer scenario, you can use this parameter to render the video background into various effects, such as transparent, solid color, picture, video, and so on.<note>To use this parameter, contact <xref keyref="ticket-link" />.</note></p>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml></section>
    </refbody>
</reference>