<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_cloudspatialaudioconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="CloudSpatialAudioConfig" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The configuration of <apiname keyref="ICloudSpatialAudioEngine" />.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class CloudSpatialAudioConfig {
  public static class SaeDeployRegion {
    public final static int SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_NONE = 0;
    public final static int SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_CN = 0x00000001;
    public final static int SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_NA = 0x00000002;
    public final static int SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_EU = 0x00000004;
    public final static int SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_AS = 0x00000008;

    private SaeDeployRegion() {}
  };

  public RtcEngine mRtcEngine;
  public ICloudSpatialAudioEventHandler mEventHandler;
  public String mAppId;
  public int mDeployRegion;
  public CloudSpatialAudioConfig() {
    mRtcEngine = null;
    mEventHandler = null;
    mAppId = "";
    mDeployRegion = SaeDeployRegion.SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_CN;
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraCloudSpatialAudioConfig : NSObject
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraRtcEngineKit* _Nullable rtcEngine;
@property(copy, nonatomic) NSString* _Nullable appId;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger deployRegion;
@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct CloudSpatialAudioConfig {
  agora::rtc::IRtcEngine* rtcEngine;
  ICloudSpatialAudioEventHandler* eventHandler;
  const char* appId;
  unsigned int deployRegion;
  CloudSpatialAudioConfig() : rtcEngine(NULL), eventHandler(NULL), appId(NULL), deployRegion(SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_CN) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class CloudSpatialAudioConfig {
  rtcEngine?: IRtcEngine
  eventHandler?: ICloudSpatialAudioEventHandler
  appId?: string
  deployRegion?: number
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class CloudSpatialAudioConfig
    {
        public CloudSpatialAudioConfig()
        {
            rtcEngine = null;
            eventHandler = null;
            appId = null;
            deployRegion = (int)SAE_DEPLOY_REGION.SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_CN;
        }

        public IRtcEngine rtcEngine { set; get; }
        public ICloudSpatialAudioEventHandler eventHandler { set; get; }
        public string appId { set; get; }
        public uint deployRegion { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class CloudSpatialAudioConfig {
  rtcEngine?: IRtcEngine;
  eventHandler?: ICloudSpatialAudioEventHandler;
  appId?: string;
  deployRegion?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">There are no corresponding names available</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp ios mac">rtcEngine</pt>
                <pt props="android">mRtcEngine</pt>
                <pd><xref keyref="IRtcEngine" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp android">
                <pt props="cpp">eventHandler</pt>
                <pt props="android">mEventHandler</pt>
                <pd>The event handler for the <apiname keyref="ICloudSpatialAudioEngine" /> object. See <xref keyref="ICloudSpatialAudioEventHandler" /> for details.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp ios mac">appId</pt>
                <pt props="android">mAppId</pt>
                <pd>The App ID issued by Agora for your project. This parameter needs to be the same as the App ID set during the initialization of <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp ios mac">deployRegion</pt>
                <pt props="android">mDeployRegion</pt>
                <pd>The region in which the Agora Spatial Audio Server to be used is located. The following regions are supported:<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_CN" />: (Default) Mainland China.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_NA" />: North America.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_EU" />: Europe.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="SAE_DEPLOY_REGION_AS" />Asia, excluding Mainland China.</li>
                </ul>
                    <p>After specifying the region, apps using the spatial audio effect connect to the Agora Spatial Audio Server within that region.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>