<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_screencaptureparameters">
    <title><ph keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Screen sharing configurations.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class ScreenCaptureParameters {
  private VideoDimensions videoDimensions;
  private int frameRate;
  private int bitrate;

  public ScreenCaptureParameters() {
    videoDimensions = new VideoDimensions(1080, 1920);
    frameRate = 5;
    bitrate = 4098;
  }

  public ScreenCaptureParameters setVideoDimensions(VideoDimensions videoDimensions) {
    this.videoDimensions = videoDimensions;
    return this;
  }

  public ScreenCaptureParameters setFrameRate(int frameRate) {
    this.frameRate = frameRate;
    return this;
  }

  public ScreenCaptureParameters setBitrate(int bitrate) {
    this.bitrate = bitrate;
    return this;
  }

  public VideoDimensions getVideoDimensions() {
    return videoDimensions;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  int getWidth() {
    return videoDimensions != null ? videoDimensions.width : 0;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  int getHeight() {
    return videoDimensions != null ? videoDimensions.height : 0;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public int getFrameRate() {
    return frameRate;
  }

  @CalledByNative
  public int getBitrate() {
    return bitrate;
  }
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraScreenCaptureParameters: NSObject
    @property (assign, nonatomic) CGSize dimensions;
    @property (assign, nonatomic) NSInteger frameRate;
    @property (assign, nonatomic) NSInteger bitrate;

    @end</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ScreenCaptureParameters {
  VideoDimensions dimensions;
  int frameRate;
  int bitrate;
  bool captureMouseCursor;
  bool windowFocus;
  view_t *excludeWindowList;
  int excludeWindowCount;

  ScreenCaptureParameters()
    : dimensions(1920, 1080), frameRate(5), bitrate(STANDARD_BITRATE), captureMouseCursor(true), windowFocus(false), excludeWindowList(OPTIONAL_NULLPTR), excludeWindowCount(0) {}
  ScreenCaptureParameters(const VideoDimensions&amp; d, int f, int b)
    : dimensions(d), frameRate(f), bitrate(b), captureMouseCursor(true), windowFocus(false), excludeWindowList(OPTIONAL_NULLPTR), excludeWindowCount(0) {}
  ScreenCaptureParameters(int width, int height, int f, int b)
    : dimensions(width, height), frameRate(f), bitrate(b), captureMouseCursor(true), windowFocus(false), excludeWindowList(OPTIONAL_NULLPTR), excludeWindowCount(0) {}
  ScreenCaptureParameters(int width, int height, int f, int b, bool cur, bool fcs)
    : dimensions(width, height), frameRate(f), bitrate(b), captureMouseCursor(cur), windowFocus(fcs), excludeWindowList(OPTIONAL_NULLPTR), excludeWindowCount(0) {}
  ScreenCaptureParameters(int width, int height, int f, int b, view_t *ex, int cnt)
    : dimensions(width, height), frameRate(f), bitrate(b), captureMouseCursor(true), windowFocus(false), excludeWindowList(ex), excludeWindowCount(cnt) {}
  ScreenCaptureParameters(int width, int height, int f, int b, bool cur, bool fcs, view_t *ex, int cnt)
    : dimensions(width, height), frameRate(f), bitrate(b), captureMouseCursor(cur), windowFocus(fcs), excludeWindowList(ex), excludeWindowCount(cnt) {}
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class ScreenCaptureParameters
    {
        public ScreenCaptureParameters()
        {
            dimensions = new VideoDimensions(1920, 1080);
            frameRate = 5;
            bitrate = (int) BITRATE.STANDARD_BITRATE;
            captureMouseCursor = true;
            windowFocus = false;
            excludeWindowList = new view_t[0];
            excludeWindowCount = 0;
        }
        public ScreenCaptureParameters(int width, int height, int frameRate, BITRATE bitrate, bool captureMouseCursor,
            bool windowFocus, view_t[] excludeWindowList = null, int excludeWindowCount = 0)
        {
            dimensions = new VideoDimensions(width, height);
            this.frameRate = frameRate;
            this.bitrate = (int) bitrate;
            this.captureMouseCursor = captureMouseCursor;
            this.windowFocus = windowFocus;
            this.excludeWindowList = excludeWindowList ?? new view_t[0];
            this.excludeWindowCount = excludeWindowCount;
        }
        public ScreenCaptureParameters(VideoDimensions dimensions, int frameRate, BITRATE bitrate,
            bool captureMouseCursor, bool windowFocus, view_t[] excludeWindowList = null, int excludeWindowCount = 0)
        {
            this.dimensions = dimensions;
            this.frameRate = frameRate;
            this.bitrate = (int) bitrate;
            this.captureMouseCursor = captureMouseCursor;
            this.windowFocus = windowFocus;
            this.excludeWindowList = excludeWindowList ?? new view_t[0];
            this.excludeWindowCount = excludeWindowCount;
        }

        public VideoDimensions dimensions { set; get; }

        public int frameRate { set; get; }

        public int bitrate { set; get; }

        public bool captureMouseCursor { set; get; }

        public bool windowFocus { set; get; }

        public view_t[] excludeWindowList { set; get; }

        public int excludeWindowCount { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
                /></title>
            <note type="note" props="mac cpp unity">The video profiles of the shared screen stream
                are only set by <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters"/>, independent of <xref
                    keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration"/>.</note>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="mac cpp unity flutter">dimensions</pt>
                    <pt props="android">videoDimensions</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p><ph props="android flutter">The maximum dimensions of encoding the shared
                                region. </ph><ph props="mac">The video encoding resolution of the
                                shared screen stream. </ph><ph props="unity cpp">On Windows and
                                macOS, it represents the video encoding resolution of the shared
                                screen stream. </ph><ph props="android cpp">See <xref
                                    keyref="VideoDimensions"/>. The default value is 1920 x 1080,
                                that is, 2,073,600 pixels. Agora uses the value of this parameter to
                                calculate the charges.</ph></p>
                        <p>If the aspect ratio is different between the encoding dimensions and
                            screen dimensions, Agora applies the following algorithms for encoding.
                            Suppose <parmname props="mac cpp unity flutter"
                                >dimensions</parmname><parmname props="android"
                                >videoDimensions</parmname> are 1920 x 1080:<ul>
                                <li>If the value of the screen dimensions is lower than that of
                                        <parmname props="mac cpp unity flutter"
                                        >dimensions</parmname><parmname props="android"
                                        >videoDimensions</parmname>, for example, 1000 x 1000
                                    pixels, the SDK uses 1000 x 1000 pixels for encoding.</li>
                                <li>If the value of the screen dimensions is higher than that of
                                        <parmname props="mac cpp unity flutter"
                                        >dimensions</parmname><parmname props="android"
                                        >videoDimensions</parmname>, for example, 2000 x 1500, the
                                    SDK uses the maximum value under <parmname
                                        props="mac cpp unity flutter">dimensions</parmname><parmname
                                        props="android">videoDimensions</parmname> with the aspect
                                    ratio of the screen dimension (4:3) for encoding, that is, 1440
                                    x 1080.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>frameRate</pt>
                    <pd><ph props="android flutter">The frame rate of the shared region. </ph><ph
                            props="mac">The video encoding resolution of the shared screen stream.
                            </ph><ph props="unity cpp">On Windows and macOS, it represents the video
                            encoding frame rate (fps) of the shared screen stream. </ph><ph>The
                            frame rate (fps) of the shared region. The default value is 5. We do not
                            recommend setting this to a value greater than 15.</ph></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>bitrate</pt>
                    <pd><ph props="android unity flutter">The bitrate of the shared region. </ph><ph
                            props="mac">The video encoding bitrate of the shared screen stream.
                            </ph><ph props="unity cpp">On Windows and macOS, it represents the video
                            encoding bitrate of the shared screen stream. </ph><ph>The bitrate
                            (Kbps) of the shared region. The default value is 0 (the SDK works out a
                            bitrate according to the dimensions of the current screen).</ph></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="rtc-ng">
                    <pt props="cpp unity">captureMouseCursor</pt>
                    <pd props="cpp unity">
                        <p>Whether to capture the mouse in screen sharing:<ul>
                                <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: (Default) Capture the
                                    mouse.</li>
                                <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Do not capture the
                                    mouse.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="cpp unity">windowFocus</pt>
                    <pd props="cpp unity">
                        <p>Whether to bring the window to the front when calling the <xref
                                keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/> method to share it:<ul>
                                <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>:Bring the window to the
                                    front.</li>
                                <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Do not bring
                                    the window to the front.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="cpp unity">excludeWindowList</pt>
                    <pd props="cpp unity">
                        <p>A list of IDs of windows to be blocked. When calling <xref
                                keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/> to start screen sharing,
                            you can use this parameter to block a specified window. When calling
                                <xref keyref="updateScreenCaptureParameters"/> to update screen
                            sharing configurations, you can use this parameter to dynamically block
                            the specified windows during screen sharing.</p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp unity electron">
                    <pt>excludeWindowCount</pt>
                    <pd>The number of windows to be blocked.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>The width of the region.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="electron">
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>The height of the region.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
