<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_channelmediaoptions">
    <title> <ph keyref="ChannelMediaOptions" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The channel media options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class UserInfo {
                    public int uid;
                    public String userAccount;

                    @CalledByNative
                    public UserInfo(int uid, String userAccount) {
                    this.uid = uid;
                    this.userAccount = userAccount;
                    }
                    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">
            public struct UserInfo
    {
        public uint uid;
        public string userAccount;
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraUserInfo: NSObject
 @property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger uid;
 @property (copy, nonatomic) NSString * _Nullable userAccount;
 @end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct UserInfo {
                    uid_t uid;
                    char userAccount[MAX_USER_ACCOUNT_LENGTH];
                    UserInfo()
                    : uid(0) {
                    userAccount[0] = '\0';
                    }
                    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class UserInfo {
  
  uid?: number;
  
  userAccount?: string;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class UserInfo {
  
  uid?: number;
  
  userAccount?: string;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class UserInfo {
  const UserInfo({this.uid, this.userAccount});

  @JsonKey(name: 'uid')
  final int? uid;
  @JsonKey(name: 'userAccount')
  final String? userAccount;
  factory UserInfo.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$UserInfoFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$UserInfoToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unreal" outputclass="language-cpp" /></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">Agora supports publishing multiple audio streams and one video stream at the same time and in the same <xref keyref="RtcConnection" />. For example, <parmname>publishMicrophoneTrack</parmname><parmname>publishAudioTrack</parmname>, <parmname>publishCustomAudioTrack</parmname>, and <parmname>publishMediaPlayerAudioTrack</parmname> can be set as <codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph> at the same time, but only one of <parmname>publishCameraTrack</parmname>, <parmname props="android ios">publishScreenCaptureVideo</parmname><parmname props="mac cpp framework">publishScreenTrack</parmname>, <parmname>publishCustomVideoTrack</parmname>, or <parmname>publishEncodedVideoTrack</parmname> can be set as <codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>.</section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishCameraTrack</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish the video captured by the camera:<ul id="ul_vx5_np5_3qb">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Publish the video captured by the camera.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not publish the video captured by the camera.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishMicrophoneTrack</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish the audio captured by the microphone:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Publish the audio captured by the microphone.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not publish the audio captured by the microphone.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
                <pd>
                    <note type="note">As of v4.0.0, the parameter name is changed from <parmname>publishAudioTrack</parmname> to <parmname>publishMicrophoneTrack</parmname>.</note>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp framework">
                <pt>publishSecondaryCameraTrack</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish the video captured by the second camera:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the video captured by the second camera.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the video captured by the second camera.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native framework">
                <pt props="android ios">publishScreenCaptureVideo</pt>
                <pt props="mac cpp framework">publishScreenTrack</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to publish the captured video from the screen:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the video captured from the screen.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the video captured from the screen.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                    <note type="note" props="android ios">Since v4.0.0, the parameter name has been changed from <parmname>publishScreenTrack</parmname> to <parmname>publishScreenCaptureVideo</parmname>.</note>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native framework">
                <pt>publishScreenCaptureVideo</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to publish the captured video from the screen:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the video captured from the screen.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the video captured from the screen.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                    <note type="attention" props="cpp framework">This parameter applies to Android and iOS only.</note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android ios cpp framework">
                <pt>publishScreenCaptureAudio</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to publish the audio captured from the screen:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the audio captured from the screen.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the audio captured from the screen.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                    <p>
                    <note type="attention" props="cpp framework">This parameter applies to Android and iOS only.</note></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp framework">
                <pt>publishSecondaryScreenTrack</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to publish the video captured from the second screen:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the video captured from the second screen.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the video captured from the second screen.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp framework">
                <pt>publishTrancodedVideoTrack</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to publish the local transcoded video:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the local transcoded video.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the local transcoded video.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishCustomAudioTrack</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish the audio captured from a custom source:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the audio captured from the custom source.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the audio captured from the custom source.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishCustomAudioSourceId</pt>
                <pd>The ID of the custom audio source to publish. The default value is 0.<p>If you have set <parmname>sourceNumber</parmname> in <xref keyref="setExternalAudioSource2" /> to a value greater than 1, the SDK creates the corresponding number of custom audio tracks and assigns an ID to each audio track, starting from 0.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp framework">
                <pt>publishCustomAudioTrackEnableAec</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable AEC when publishing the audio captured from a custom source:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable AEC when publishing the audio captured from the custom source.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not enable AEC when publishing the audio captured from the custom source.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishCustomVideoTrack</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish the video captured from a custom source:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the video captured from the custom source.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the video captured from the custom source.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishEncodedVideoTrack</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish the encoded video:<ul id="ul_ljg_4q5_3qb">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the encoded video.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the encoded video.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishMediaPlayerAudioTrack</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish the audio from the media player:<ul id="ul_gr3_rq5_3qb">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the audio from the media player.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the audio from the media player.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishMediaPlayerVideoTrack</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish the video from the media player:<ul id="ul_gtd_tq5_3qb">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish the video from the media player.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not publish the video from the media player.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>autoSubscribeAudio</pt>
                <pd>Whether to automatically subscribe to all remote audio streams when the user joins a channel:<ul id="ul_gxf_vq5_3qb">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Automatically subscribe to all remote audio streams.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not automatically subscribe to any remote audio streams.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>autoSubscribeVideo</pt>
                <pd>Whether to automatically subscribe to all remote video streams when the user joins the channel:<ul id="ul_gfh_xq5_3qb">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Automatically subscribe to all remote video streams.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not automatically subscribe to any remote video streams.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enableAudioRecordingOrPlayout</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable audio capturing or playback:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Enable audio capturing or playback.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /> </codeph>: Do not enable audio capturing or playback.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishMediaPlayerId</pt>
                <pd>The ID of the media player to be published. The default value is 0.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>clientRoleType</pt>
                <pd conkeyref="setClientRole1/clientrole" props="native unity" />
                <pd props="rn electron flutter">The user role. See <xref keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_TYPE" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="ClientRoleOptions/audiencelatencylevel">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>defaultVideoStreamType</pt>
                <pd conkeyref="setRemoteDefaultVideoStreamType/defaultstreamtype" />
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>channelProfile</pt>
                <pd conkeyref="setChannelProfile/channelprofiletype" />
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="hide">
                <pt>audioDelayMs</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The delay in milliseconds for sending audio frames. This is used for explicit control of A/V sync.</p>
                    <p>To switch off the delay, set the value to 0.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="hide">
                <pt>publishCustomAudioTrackAec</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish audio frames processed by an external echo cancellation module.<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Publish audio frames processed by the external echo cancellation module.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not publish to publish audio frames processed by the external echo cancellation module.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>token</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>(Optional) The token generated on your server for authentication. See <xref keyref="guide-token" props="native">Authenticate Your Users with Token</xref>.</p>
                    <note type="caution">
                    <ul>
                    <li>This parameter takes effect only when calling <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptions" /> or <xref keyref="updateChannelMediaOptionsEx" />.</li>
                    <li>Ensure that the App ID, channel name, and user name used for creating the token are the same as those used by the <xref keyref="initialize" /> method for initializing the RTC engine, and those used by the <xref keyref="joinChannel2" /> and <xref keyref="joinChannelEx" /> methods for joining the channel.</li>
                    </ul></note></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="hide">
                <pt>startPreview</pt>
                <pd>Whether to automatically start the preview when joining a channel:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Automatically start the preview. Ensure that you have called the <xref keyref="setupLocalVideo" /> method to set the local video property; otherwise, the preview is not enabled.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not automatically start the preview.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishRhythmPlayerTrack</pt>
                <pd>Whether to publish the sound of a metronome to remote users:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Publish the sound of the metronome. Both the local user and remote users can hear the metronome.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not publish the sound of the metronome. Only the local user can hear the metronome.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>isInteractiveAudience</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable interactive mode:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable interactive mode. Once this mode is enabled and the user role is set as audience, the user can receive remote video streams with low latency.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Do not enable interactive mode. If this mode is disabled, the user receives the remote video streams in default settings.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <note type="attention">
                    <ul>
                    <li>This parameter only applies to scenarios involving cohosting across channels. The cohosts need to call the <xref keyref="joinChannelEx" /> method to join the other host's channel as an audience member, and set <parmname>isInteractiveAudience</parmname> to <codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>.</li>
                    <li>This parameter takes effect only when the user role is <apiname keyref="CLIENT_ROLE_AUDIENCE" />.</li>
                    </ul> </note> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="customvideotrackid">
                <pt>customVideoTrackId</pt>
                <pd>The video track ID returned by calling the <xref keyref="createCustomVideoTrack" /> method. The default value is 0.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>isAudioFilterable</pt>
                <pd>Whether the audio stream being published is filtered according to the volume algorithm:<ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) The audio stream is filtered. If the audio stream filter is not enabled, this setting does not takes effect.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: The audio stream is not filtered.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <note type="attention">If you need to enable this function, contact <xref keyref="mailto-link" />.</note></pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>