<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_virtualbackgroundsource">
    <title><ph keyref="VirtualBackgroundSource"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The custom background image.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc-ng">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class VirtualBackgroundSource {
  public static final int BACKGROUND_COLOR = 1;
  public static final int BACKGROUND_IMG = 2;
  public static final int BACKGROUND_BLUR = 3;
  public static final int BLUR_DEGREE_LOW = 1;
  public static final int BLUR_DEGREE_MEDIUM = 2;
  public static final int BLUR_DEGREE_HIGH = 3;
  public int backgroundSourceType;
  public int color;
  public String source = null;
  public int blurDegree;
  public VirtualBackgroundSource(
      int backgroundSourceType, int color, String source, int blurDegree) {
    this.backgroundSourceType = backgroundSourceType;
    this.color = color;
    this.source = source;
    this.blurDegree = blurDegree;
  }
  public VirtualBackgroundSource() {
    this.backgroundSourceType = BACKGROUND_COLOR;
    this.color = 0xffffff;
    this.source = "";
    this.blurDegree = BLUR_DEGREE_HIGH;
  }
}
</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraVirtualBackgroundSource : NSObject
@property(nonatomic, assign) AgoraVirtualBackgroundSourceType backgroundSourceType NS_SWIFT_NAME(backgroundSourceType);
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSUInteger color NS_SWIFT_NAME(color);
@property(nonatomic, copy) NSString* _Nullable source NS_SWIFT_NAME(source);
@property(nonatomic, assign) AgoraBlurDegree blurDegree;
@end
</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class VirtualBackgroundSource
    {
        public BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE background_source_type
        public uint color;
        public string source;
        public BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE blur_degree;
    };</codeblock>
            </p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class VirtualBackgroundSource {
    public static final int BACKGROUND_COLOR = 1;
    public static final int BACKGROUND_IMG = 2;
    public static final int BACKGROUND_BLUR = 3;
    public static final int BLUR_DEGREE_LOW = 1;
    public static final int BLUR_DEGREE_MEDIUM = 2;
    public static final int BLUR_DEGREE_HIGH = 3;
    public int backgroundSourceType;
    public int color;
    public String source = null;
    public int blur_degree;
    public VirtualBackgroundSource(
      int backgroundSourceType, int color, String source, int blur_degree) {
        this.backgroundSourceType = backgroundSourceType;
        this.color = color;
        this.source = source;
        this.blur_degree = blur_degree;
    }
    public VirtualBackgroundSource() {
        this.backgroundSourceType = BACKGROUND_COLOR;
        this.color = 0xffffff;
        this.source = "";
        this.blur_degree = BLUR_DEGREE_HIGH;
    }
}
</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">NS_SWIFT_NAME(AgoraVirtualBackgroundSource) __attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraVirtualBackgroundSource : NSObject
@property(nonatomic, assign) AgoraVirtualBackgroundSourceType backgroundSourceType NS_SWIFT_NAME(backgroundSourceType);
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSUInteger color NS_SWIFT_NAME(color);
@property(nonatomic, copy) NSString* _Nullable source NS_SWIFT_NAME(source);
@property(nonatomic, assign) AgoraBlurDegree blur_degree;
@end
</codeblock></p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct VirtualBackgroundSource {
                    enum BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE {
                    BACKGROUND_COLOR = 1,
                    BACKGROUND_IMG,
                    BACKGROUND_BLUR,
                    };
                    enum BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE {
                    BLUR_DEGREE_LOW = 1,
                    BLUR_DEGREE_MEDIUM,
                    BLUR_DEGREE_HIGH,
                    };
                    BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE background_source_type;
                    unsigned int color;
                    const char* source;
                    BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE blur_degree;
                    VirtualBackgroundSource() : background_source_type(BACKGROUND_COLOR), color(0xffffff), source(NULL),  blur_degree(BLUR_DEGREE_HIGH) {}
                </codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class VirtualBackgroundSource {

                    @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
                    VirtualBackgroundSourceType? backgroundSourceType;
                  
                    @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
                    int? color;
                  
                    @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
                    String? source;
                  
                    @JsonKey(name: 'blur_degree')
                    VirtualBackgroundBlurDegree blurDegree;
                  
                    VirtualBackgroundSource({
                      this.backgroundSourceType,
                      this.color,
                      this.source,
                      this.blurDegree = VirtualBackgroundBlurDegree.High,
                    });
                  
                    factory VirtualBackgroundSource.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
                        _$VirtualBackgroundSourceFromJson(json);
                  
                    Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$VirtualBackgroundSourceToJson(this);
                  }</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
                <dlentry props="native">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>v3.5.0</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
                /></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="android ios mac flutter">backgroundSourceType</pt>
                    <pt props="unity cpp">background_source_type</pt>
                    <pd><ph>The type of the custom background image. </ph><ph
                            props="ios mac cpp unity flutter">See <xref
                                keyref="BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE"/>.</ph><ul props="android">
                            <li><ph keyref="BACKGROUND_COLOR"/>(1): (Default) The background image
                                is a solid color.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="BACKGROUND_IMG"/>(2): The background image is a file in
                                PNG or JPG format.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="BACKGROUND_BLUR"/>(3): The background image is the
                                blurred background.</li>
                        </ul></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>color</pt>
                    <pd> The type of the custom background image. The color of the custom background
                        image. The format is a hexadecimal integer defined by RGB, without the #
                        sign, such as 0xFFB6C1 for light pink. The default value is 0xFFFFFF, which
                        signifies white. The value range is [0x000000, 0xffffff]. If the value is
                        invalid, the SDK replaces the original background image with a white
                        background image.<note type="attention">This parameter takes effect only
                            when the type of the custom background image is <ph
                                keyref="BACKGROUND_COLOR"/>.</note></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>source</pt>
                    <pd>The local absolute path of the custom background image. PNG and JPG formats
                        are supported. If the path is invalid, the SDK replaces the original
                        background image with a white background image.<note type="attention">This
                            parameter takes effect only when the type of the custom background image
                            is <ph keyref="BACKGROUND_IMG"/>.</note></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="rtc-ng"><ph props="ios mac android">blurDegree</ph><ph props="cpp"
                            >blur_degree</ph></pt>
                    <pt props="rtc"><ph props="native electron unity">blur_degree</ph><ph
                            props="flutter">blurDegree</ph></pt>
                    <pd><ph>The degree of blurring applied to the custom background image. </ph><ph
                            props="ios mac cpp unity flutter">See <xref
                                keyref="BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE"/>.</ph><ul props="android">
                            <li><ph keyref="BLUR_DEGREE_LOW"/>(1): The degree of blurring applied to
                                the custom background image is low. The user can almost see the
                                background clearly.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="BLUR_DEGREE_MEDIUM"/>(2): The degree of blurring applied
                                to the custom background image is medium. It is difficult for the
                                user to recognize details in the background.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="BLUR_DEGREE_HIGH"/>(3): The degree of blurring applied
                                to the custom background image is high. The user can barely see any
                                distinguishing features in the background.</li>
                        </ul><note type="attention">This parameter takes effect only when the type
                            of the custom background image is <ph keyref="BACKGROUND_BLUR"
                        />.</note></pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
