<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_audioparams">
    <title><ph keyref="AudioParams" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Audio data format.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class AudioParams {
  public int sampleRate = 0;
  public int channel = 0;
  public int mode = Constants.RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_READ_ONLY;
  public int samplesPerCall = 0;

  @CalledByNative
  public AudioParams(int sampleRate, int channelCnt, int mode, int samplesPerCall) {
    this.sampleRate = sampleRate;
    this.channel = channelCnt;
    this.mode = mode;
    this.samplesPerCall = samplesPerCall;
  }
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraAudioParams : NSObject

@property (assign, nonatomic) NSInteger sampleRate;

@property (assign, nonatomic) NSInteger channel;

@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraAudioRawFrameOperationMode mode;

@property (assign, nonatomic) NSInteger samplesPerCall;

@end</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct AudioParams {
  int sample_rate;
  int channels;
  rtc::RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE mode;
  int samples_per_call;
  AudioParams() : sample_rate(0), channels(0), mode(rtc::RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_READ_ONLY), samples_per_call(0) {}
  AudioParams(int samplerate, int channel, rtc::RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE type, int samplesPerCall) : sample_rate(samplerate), channels(channel), mode(type), samples_per_call(samplesPerCall) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp" />
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export class AudioParams {
  
  sample_rate?: number;
  
  channels?: number;
  
  mode?: RawAudioFrameOpModeType;
  
  samples_per_call?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public class AudioParams
    {
        public int sample_rate { set; get; }
        public int channels { set; get; }
        public RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE mode { set; get; }
        public int samples_per_call { set; get; }

        public AudioParams()
        {
            sample_rate = 0;
            channels = 0;
            mode = RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE.RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_READ_ONLY;
            samples_per_call = 0;
        }

        public AudioParams(int samplerate, int channel, RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE type, int samplesPerCall)
        {
            sample_rate = samplerate;
            channels = channel;
            mode = type;
            samples_per_call = samplesPerCall;
        }
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">export class AudioParams {
  
  sample_rate?: number;
  
  channels?: number;
  
  mode?: RawAudioFrameOpModeType;
  
  samples_per_call?: number;
}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class AudioParams {
  const AudioParams(
      {this.sampleRate, this.channels, this.mode, this.samplesPerCall});

  @JsonKey(name: 'sample_rate')
  final int? sampleRate;

  @JsonKey(name: 'channels')
  final int? channels;

  @JsonKey(name: 'mode')
  final RawAudioFrameOpModeType? mode;

  @JsonKey(name: 'samples_per_call')
  final int? samplesPerCall;

  factory AudioParams.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$AudioParamsFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$AudioParamsToJson(this);
}</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>You can pass the <apiname keyref="AudioParams" /> object in the return value of the following callbacks to set the audio data format of the corresponding callback report:<ul>
                <li><xref keyref="getRecordAudioParams" />: Sets the audio data format for the <xref keyref="onRecordAudioFrame" /> callback.</li>
                <li><xref keyref="getPlaybackAudioParams" />: Sets the audio data format for the <xref keyref="onPlaybackAudioFrame" /> callback.</li>
                <li><xref keyref="getMixedAudioParams" />: Sets the audio data format for the <xref keyref="onMixedAudioFrame" /> callback.</li>
            </ul></p>
            <note type="attention">
                <ul>
                    <li>The SDK calculates the sampling interval through the <parmname>samplesPerCall</parmname>, <parmname>sampleRate</parmname>, and <parmname>channel</parmname> parameters in <apiname keyref="AudioParams" />, and triggers the <apiname keyref="onRecordAudioFrame" />, <apiname keyref="onPlaybackAudioFrame" />, and <apiname keyref="onMixedAudioFrame" /> callbacks according to the sampling interval.</li>
                    <li><equation-inline><parmname>Sample</parmname> interval (<parmname>sec</parmname>) = <parmname>samplePerCall</parmname>/(<parmname>sampleRate</parmname> × <parmname>channel</parmname>)</equation-inline>.</li>
                    <li>Ensure that the sample interval ≥ 0.01 (s).</li>
                </ul></note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android ios mac">sampleRate</pt>
                <pt props="cpp">sample_rate</pt>
                <pd>The audio sample rate (Hz), which can be set as one of the following values:<ul>
                        <li>8000.</li>
                        <li>(Default) 16000.</li>
                        <li>32000.</li>
                        <li>44100.</li>
                        <li>48000.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android ios mac">channel</pt>
                <pt props="cpp">channels</pt>
                <pd>The number of audio channels, which can be set as either of the following values:<ul>
                    <li>1: (Default) Mono.</li>
                    <li>2: Stereo.</li>
                </ul></pd>
            </plentry> 
            <plentry>
                <pt>mode</pt>
                <pd props="ios mac cpp">The use mode of the audio data. See <xref keyref="RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_TYPE" />.</pd>
                <pd props="android">The use mode of the audio data, which can be set as either of the following values:<ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_READ_ONLY" />(0): Read-only mode<ph props="cpp">, where users only read the original data from <xref keyref="AudioFrame" /> without any modification</ph>. For example, when users acquire the data with the Agora SDK, then start the media push.</li>            
                    <li><ph keyref="RAW_AUDIO_FRAME_OP_MODE_READ_WRITE" />(2): Read and write mode<ph props="cpp">, where users read the data from <xref keyref="AudioFrame" />, modify it, and then play it</ph>. <ph props="electron">Users read the data returned by the SDK, modify it, and then play it. </ph>For example, when users have their own audio-effect processing module and perform some voice preprocessing, such as a voice change.</li>
                </ul>                     
                </pd>       
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android ios mac">samplesPerCall</pt>
                <pt props="cpp">samples_per_call</pt>
                <pd>The number of data samples returned in the  callback, such as 1024 for the media push.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>