<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_faceshapearea">
    <title><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Facial enhancement areas.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="native">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>v4.5.0</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Enumerator</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NONE"/></pt>
                    <pd>-1: (Default) Invalid area; facial enhancement effects do not take effect.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_HEADSCALE"/></pt>
                    <pd>0: Head, used to achieve a small head effect. The corresponding adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the smaller the head becomes. The preset value is 100.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FOREHEAD"/></pt>
                    <pd>1: Forehead, adjusts the height of the hairline. The corresponding adjustment range is [-100,100]; positive values raise the hairline (making the forehead narrower), while negative values lower the hairline (making the forehead wider). The larger the absolute value, the stronger the enhancement effect, with a preset value of 50.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACECONTOUR"/></pt>
                    <pd>2: Face contour, used to achieve a slimmer face effect. The corresponding adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the stronger the slimming effect, with a preset value of 10.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACELENGTH"/></pt>
                    <pd>3: Face length, used to achieve a longer face effect. The corresponding adjustment range is [-100,100]; positive values elongate the face, while negative values shorten it. The larger the value, the stronger the enhancement effect. The preset value is 0.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_FACEWIDTH"/></pt>
                    <pd>4: Face width, used to achieve a narrower face effect. The corresponding adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the stronger the narrowing effect. The preset value is 10.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEKBONE"/></pt>
                    <pd>5: Cheekbones, adjusts the width of the cheekbones. The corresponding adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the narrower the cheekbones. The preset value is 43.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHEEK"/></pt>
                    <pd>6: Cheeks, adjusts the width of the cheeks. The corresponding adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the narrower the cheeks. with a preset value of 50.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_CHIN"/></pt>
                    <pd>7: Chin, adjusts the length of the chin. The corresponding adjustment range is [-100,100]; positive values elongate the chin, while negative values shorten it. The larger the absolute value, the stronger the enhancement effect, with a preset value of -20.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_EYESCALE"/></pt>
                    <pd>8:Eyes, used to achieve a larger eye effect. The corresponding adjustment range is [0,100]; the larger the value, the larger the eye size, with a preset value of 53.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSELENGTH"/></pt>
                    <pd>9: Nose length, used to achieve a longer nose effect. The corresponding adjustment range is [-100,100]; positive values elongate the nose, while negative values shorten it. The larger the absolute value, the stronger the enhancement effect, with a preset value of -10.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_NOSEWIDTH"/></pt>
                    <pd>10: Nose width, used to achieve a slimmer nose effect. The corresponding adjustment range is [-100,100]; positive values make the nose wider, while negative values make it narrower. The larger the absolute value, the stronger the enhancement effect, with a preset value of 72.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="FACE_SHAPE_AREA_MOUTHSCALE"/></pt>
                    <pd>11: Mouth, adjusts the size of the mouth. The corresponding adjustment range is [-100,100]; positive values enlarge the mouth, while negative values make it smaller. The larger the absolute value, the stronger the enhancement effect, with a preset value of 20.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
