<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_renewtokenerrorcode">
    <title><ph keyref="RENEW_TOKEN_ERROR_CODE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Indicates the error codes returned by the <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/> call.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since">
                <dlentry props="native">
                    <dt>Since:</dt>
                    <dd>Added since version 4.6.0.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Enumerator</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="native">
                <pt><ph keyref="RENEW_TOKEN_SUCCESS"/></pt>
                <pd props="native">(0): Token renewed successfully.</pd>
            </plentry>
        <plentry props="native">
                <pt><ph keyref="RENEW_TOKEN_FAILURE"/></pt>
                <pd props="cpp">(1): Token update fails due to an unknown server error. You are advised to check the parameters passed when generating the Token, regenerate the Token, and retry <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            <pd props="ios">(1): Token update fails due to an unknown server error. It is recommended to check the parameters passed when generating the Token, regenerate the Token, and retry calling <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            <pd props="mac">(1): The Token update fails due to an unknown server error. It is recommended that you check the parameters passed in when generating the Token, regenerate the Token, and retry calling <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            <pd props="android">(1): Token update fails due to an unknown server error. It is recommended to check the parameters passed when generating the Token, regenerate the Token, and retry <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
        <plentry props="android cpp">
                <pt><ph keyref="RENEW_TOKEN_TOKEN_EXPIRED"/></pt>
                <pd props="android cpp">(2): The Token update fails because the provided Token has expired. It is recommended to generate a new Token with a longer expiration time and retry <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
        <plentry props="native">
                <pt><ph keyref="RENEW_TOKEN_INVALID_TOKEN"/></pt>
                <pd props="cpp">(3): Token update fails due to an invalid Token. Common causes include:
                    <ul>
                        <li>The App Certificate of the project is enabled in the Agora Console, but the Token is not used when joining the destination channel. Once the App Certificate is enabled, you must use a Token to join the destination channel.</li>
                        <li>The <ph keyref="uid"/> specified when calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> to join the destination channel is different from the <ph keyref="uid"/> used when generating the Token.</li>
                        <li>The channel name specified when calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> to join the destination channel is different from the channel name used when generating the Token.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
            <pd props="ios">(3): Token update fails due to an invalid Token. Common causes include:
                    <ul>
                        <li>The project enables the App Certificate in the Agora Console, but you do not use a Token when joining the destination channel. After enabling the App Certificate, you must use a Token to join the destination channel.</li>
                        <li>The <ph keyref="uid"/> specified when calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> to join the destination channel is inconsistent with the <ph keyref="uid"/> used when generating the Token.</li>
                        <li>The channel name specified when calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> to join the destination channel is inconsistent with the channel name used when generating the Token.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
            <pd props="mac">(3): Token update fails due to an invalid Token. Common causes include:
                    <ul>
                        <li>The App Certificate is enabled in the Agora Console, but no Token is used when joining the destination channel. Once the App Certificate is enabled, you must use a Token to join the destination channel.</li>
                        <li>The <ph keyref="uid"/> specified when calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> to join the destination channel is different from the <ph keyref="uid"/> used when generating the Token.</li>
                        <li>The channel name specified when calling <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> to join the destination channel is different from the channel name used when generating the Token.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
            <pd props="android">(3): The Token update fails due to an invalid Token. Common causes include: the App Certificate is enabled in the Agora Console, but the Token is not used when joining the channel; the <ph keyref="uid"/> specified in the <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> method does not match the <ph keyref="uid"/> used when generating the Token; or the channel name specified in the <codeph>joinChannel</codeph> method does not match the channel name used when generating the Token.</pd>
            </plentry>
        <plentry props="native">
                <pt><ph keyref="RENEW_TOKEN_INVALID_CHANNEL_NAME"/></pt>
                <pd props="cpp">(4): Token update fails due to an invalid channel name. You are advised to check the channel name, generate a new Token, and retry <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            <pd props="ios">（4）：由于频道名无效导致 Token 更新失败。建议检查频道名，生成新 Token 并重试调用 renewToken。</pd>
            <pd props="mac">(4): The Token update fails due to an invalid channel name. You are advised to check the channel name, generate a new Token, and retry calling <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            <pd props="android">(4): The Token update fails due to an invalid channel name. You are advised to check the channel name, generate a new Token, and retry <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
        <plentry props="native">
                <pt><ph keyref="RENEW_TOKEN_INCONSISTENT_APPID"/></pt>
                <pd props="cpp">(5): The Token update fails because the App ID in the Token does not match the current App ID. You are advised to check the App ID, generate a new Token, and retry <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            <pd props="ios">(5): The update of the Token fails because the App ID in the Token does not match the current App ID. It is recommended to check the App ID, generate a new Token, and retry calling <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            <pd props="mac">(5): The Token update fails because the App ID in the Token does not match the current App ID. It is recommended to check the App ID, generate a new Token, and retry calling <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            <pd props="android">(5): The Token update fails because the App ID in the Token does not match the current App ID. It is recommended to check the App ID, generate a new Token, and retry <xref keyref="renewToken_ICloudSpatialAudioEngine"/>.</pd>
            </plentry>
        <plentry props="native">
                <pt><ph keyref="RENEW_TOKEN_CANCELED_BY_NEW_REQUEST"/></pt>
                <pd props="android cpp mac">(6): The previous renew Token request is canceled due to a new request being initiated.</pd>
            <pd props="ios">(6): The previous renew Token request is canceled because a new request is initiated.</pd>
            </plentry>
        </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
