<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_videodenoiserlevel">
     <title> <ph keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL"/> </title>
     <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The video noise reduction level.</ph></shortdesc>
     <refbody>
          <section id="parameters">
               <title>Enumerator</title>
               <parml>
               <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY"/></pt>
                    <pd>0: (Default) Promotes video quality during video noise reduction. <parmname keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY"/> balances performance consumption and video noise reduction quality. The performance consumption is moderate, the video noise reduction speed is moderate, and the overall video quality is optimal.</pd>
               </plentry>
               <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_FAST"/></pt>
                    <pd>Promotes reducing performance consumption during video noise reduction. <parmname keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_FAST"/> prioritizes reducing performance consumption over video noise reduction quality. The performance consumption is lower, and the video noise reduction speed is faster. To avoid a noticeable shadowing effect (shadows trailing behind moving objects) in the processed video, Agora recommends that you use <parmname keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_FAST"/> when the camera is fixed.</pd>
               </plentry>
               <plentry>
                    <pt><ph keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_STRENGTH"/></pt>
                    <pd>Enhanced video noise reduction. <parmname keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_STRENGTH"/> prioritizes video noise reduction quality over reducing performance consumption. The performance consumption is higher, the video noise reduction speed is slower, and the video noise reduction quality is better.  If <parmname keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_HIGH_QUALITY"/> is not enough for your video noise reduction needs, you can use <parmname keyref="VIDEO_DENOISER_LEVEL_STRENGTH"/>.</pd>
               </plentry>
               </parml> </section>
     </refbody>
</reference>
