<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_errorcodetype">
    <title><ph keyref="ERROR_CODE_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Error codes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>An error code indicates that the SDK encountered an unrecoverable error that requires application intervention. For example, an error is returned when the camera fails to open, and the app needs to inform the user that the camera cannot be used.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Enumerator</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_OK"/></pt>
                <pd>0: No error.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_FAILED"/></pt>
                <pd>1: General error with no classified reason. Try calling the method again.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT"/></pt>
                <pd>2: An invalid parameter is used. For example, the specified channel name includes illegal characters. Reset the parameter.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_NOT_READY"/></pt>
                <pd>3: The SDK is not ready. Possible reasons include the following:<ul>
                    <li>The initialization of <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> fails. Reinitialize the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/>.</li>
                    <li>No user has joined the channel when the method is called. Please check the your code logic.</li>
                    <li>The user has not left the channel when the <xref keyref="rate"/> or <xref keyref="complain"/> method is called. Please check the your code logic.</li>
                    <li>The audio module is disabled.</li>
                    <li>The program is not complete.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_NOT_SUPPORTED"/></pt>
                <pd>4:<apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/>  does not support the request. Possible reasons include the following:<ul>
                    <li props="android">The  method is called on<xref keyref="setBeautyEffectOptions"/> devices running versions earlier than Android 5.0. Check the Android version.</li>
                    <li>The built-in encryption mode is incorrect, or the SDK fails to load the external encryption library. Check the encryption mode setting, or reload the external encryption library.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_REFUSED"/></pt>
                <pd>5: The request is rejected. Possible reasons include the following:<ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/>The  initialization fails. Reinitialize the <apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/>.</li>
                    <li>The channel name is set as the empty string <codeph>""</codeph> when joining the channel. Reset the channel name.</li>
                    <li>When the  method is<xref keyref="joinChannelEx"/> called to join multiple channels, the specified channel name is already in use. Reset the channel name.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_BUFFER_TOO_SMALL"/></pt>
                <pd>6: The buffer size is insufficient to store the returned data.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_NOT_INITIALIZED"/></pt>
                <pd>7:<apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> A method is called before the initialization of . Ensure that the  object is initialized before using this<apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> method.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="hide">
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_INVALID_STATE"/></pt>
                <pd>8: Invalid state.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_NO_PERMISSION"/></pt>
                <pd>9: Permission to access is not granted. Check whether your app has access to the audio and video device.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_TIMEDOUT"/></pt>
                <pd>10: A timeout occurs. Some API calls require the SDK to return the execution result. This error occurs if the SDK takes too long (more than 10 seconds) to return the result.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_JOIN_CHANNEL_REJECTED"/></pt>
                <pd>17: The request to join the channel is rejected. Possible reasons include the following:<ul>
                    <li>The user is already in the channel. Agora recommends using the<xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/>  callback to get whether the user is in the channel. Do not call<apiname keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_DISCONNECTED"/> this method to join the channel unless you receive the (1) state.</li>
                    <li>After calling<xref keyref="startEchoTest2"/>  for the call test,<xref keyref="stopEchoTest"/> the user tries to join the channel without calling  to end the current test. To join a channel, the call test must<apiname keyref="stopEchoTest"/> be ended by calling .</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_LEAVE_CHANNEL_REJECTED"/></pt>
                <pd>18: Fails to leave the channel. Possible reasons include the following:<ul>
                    <li><xref keyref="leaveChannel"/>The user has left the channel before calling the  method. Stop calling this method to clear this error.</li>
                    <li>The user calls the  method to leave the channel before joining<apiname keyref="leaveChannel"/> the channel. In this case, no extra operation is needed.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_ALREADY_IN_USE"/></pt>
                <pd>19: Resources are already in use.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_ABORTED"/></pt>
                <pd>20: The request is abandoned by the SDK, possibly because the request has been sent too frequently.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_INIT_NET_ENGINE"/></pt>
                <pd>21: The  fails to initialize and has crashed because of specific Windows<apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> firewall settings.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_RESOURCE_LIMITED"/></pt>
                <pd>22: The SDK fails to allocate resources because your app uses too many system resources or system resources are insufficient.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_INVALID_APP_ID"/></pt>
                <pd>101: The specified App ID is invalid. Rejoin the channel with a valid App ID.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_INVALID_CHANNEL_NAME"/></pt>
                <pd>102: The specified channel name is invalid. A possible reason is that the parameter's data type is incorrect. Please rejoin the channel with a valid channel name.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp flutter unity electron rn">
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_NO_SERVER_RESOURCES"/></pt>
                <pd>103: Fails to get server resources in the specified region. Try<apiname keyref="IRtcEngine"/> another region when initializing .</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_TOKEN_EXPIRED"/></pt>
                <pd>109: The current token has expired. Apply for a new token on the server and call<xref keyref="renewToken"/> .<dl outputclass="deprecated">
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                        <dd>This enumerator is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/>(9) in the  callback instead<apiname keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_TOKEN_EXPIRED"/>.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_INVALID_TOKEN"/></pt>
                <pd>110: Invalid token Typical reasons include the following:<ul>
                    <li>App Certificate is enabled in Agora Console, but the code still uses App ID for authentication. Once App Certificate is enabled for a project, you must use token-based authentication.</li>
                    <li>The uid used to generate the token<codeph></codeph> is not the same as the uid used to join the channel<parmname></parmname>.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <dl>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                        <dd>This enumerator is deprecated. Use <xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/>(8) in the  callback instead<apiname keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INVALID_TOKEN"/>.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_CONNECTION_INTERRUPTED"/></pt>
                <pd>111: The network connection is interrupted. The SDK triggers this callback when it loses connection with the server for more than four seconds after the connection is established.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_CONNECTION_LOST"/></pt>
                <pd>112: The network connection is lost. Occurs when the SDK cannot reconnect to Agora's edge server 10 seconds after its connection to the server is interrupted.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_NOT_IN_CHANNEL"/></pt>
                <pd>113:<xref keyref="sendStreamMessage"/> The user is not in the channel when calling the  method.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_SIZE_TOO_LARGE"/></pt>
                <pd>114:<apiname keyref="sendStreamMessage"/> The data size exceeds 1 KB when calling the method.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_BITRATE_LIMIT"/></pt>
                <pd>115: The<apiname keyref="sendStreamMessage"/> data bitrate exceeds 6 KB/s when calling the  method.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_TOO_MANY_DATA_STREAMS"/></pt>
                <pd>116: More<xref keyref="createDataStream2"/> than five data streams are created when calling the  method.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp electron rn flutter unity">
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_STREAM_MESSAGE_TIMEOUT"/></pt>
                <pd>117: The data stream transmission times out.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp electron rn flutter unity">
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_SET_CLIENT_ROLE_NOT_AUTHORIZED"/></pt>
                <pd>119: Switching roles fails, try rejoining the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_DECRYPTION_FAILED"/></pt>
                <pd>120: Decryption fails. The user might have entered an incorrect password to join the channel. Check the entered password, or tell the user to try rejoining the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp electron rn flutter unity">
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_INVALID_USER_ID"/></pt>
                <pd>121: The user ID is invalid.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp electron rn flutter unity">
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_CLIENT_IS_BANNED_BY_SERVER"/></pt>
                <pd>123: The user is banned from the server.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_ENCRYPTED_STREAM_NOT_ALLOWED_PUBLISH"/></pt>
                <pd>130: The SDK does not support pushing encrypted streams to CDN.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="hide">
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_LICENSE_CREDENTIAL_INVALID"/></pt>
                <pd>131:</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_INVALID_USER_ACCOUNT"/></pt>
                <pd>134: The user account is invalid, possibly because it contains invalid parameters.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="hide">
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_MODULE_NOT_FOUND"/></pt>
                <pd>157:</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_LOAD_MEDIA_ENGINE"/></pt>
                <pd>1001: The SDK fails to load the media engine.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_ADM_GENERAL_ERROR"/></pt>
                <pd>1005: A general error occurs (no specified reason). Check whether the audio device is already in use by another app, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_ADM_INIT_PLAYOUT"/></pt>
                <pd>1008: An error occurs when initializing the playback device. Check whether the playback device is already in use by another app, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_ADM_START_PLAYOUT"/></pt>
                <pd>1009: An error occurs when starting the playback device. Check the playback device.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_ADM_STOP_PLAYOUT"/></pt>
                <pd>1010: An error occurs when stopping the playback device.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_ADM_INIT_RECORDING"/></pt>
                <pd>1011: An error occurs when initializing the recording device. Check the recording device, or try rejoining the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_ADM_START_RECORDING"/></pt>
                <pd>1012: An error occurs when starting the recording device. Check the recording device.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_ADM_STOP_RECORDING"/></pt>
                <pd>1013: An error occurs when stopping the recording device.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="ERR_VDM_CAMERA_NOT_AUTHORIZED"/></pt>
                <pd>1501: Permission to access the camera is not granted. Check whether permission to access the camera permission is granted.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
