<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_audioencodingtype">
    <title><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Audio encoding type.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Enumerator</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_16000_LOW"/></pt>
                <pd>0x010101: AAC encoding format, 16000 Hz sampling rate, bass quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 1.2 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_16000_MEDIUM"/></pt>
                <pd>0x010102: AAC encoding format, 16000 Hz sampling rate, medium sound quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_32000_LOW"/></pt>
                <pd>0x010201: AAC encoding format, 32000 Hz sampling rate, bass quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 1.2 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_32000_MEDIUM"/></pt>
                <pd>0x010202: AAC encoding format, 32000 Hz sampling rate, medium sound quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_32000_HIGH"/></pt>
                <pd>0x010203: AAC encoding format, 32000 Hz sampling rate, high sound quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 3.5 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_48000_MEDIUM"/></pt>
                <pd>0x010302: AAC encoding format, 48000 Hz sampling rate, medium sound quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_AAC_48000_HIGH"/></pt>
                <pd>0x010303: AAC encoding format, 48000 Hz sampling rate, high sound quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 3.5 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_16000_LOW"/></pt>
                <pd>0x020101: OPUS encoding format, 16000 Hz sampling rate, bass quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_16000_MEDIUM"/></pt>
                <pd>0x020102: OPUS encoding format, 16000 Hz sampling rate, medium sound quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_48000_MEDIUM"/></pt>
                <pd>0x020302: OPUS encoding format, 48000 Hz sampling rate, medium sound quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 2 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_ENCODING_TYPE_OPUS_48000_HIGH"/></pt>
                <pd>0x020303: OPUS encoding format, 48000 Hz sampling rate, high sound quality. A file with an audio duration of 10 minutes is approximately 3.5 MB after encoding.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
