<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_localvideostreamerror">
    <title><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Local video state error code.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Enumerator</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_OK"/></pt>
                <pd>0: The local video is normal.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_FAILURE"/></pt>
                <pd>1: No specified reason for the local video failure.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_DEVICE_NO_PERMISSION"/></pt>
                <pd>2: No permission to use the local video capturing device. Remind the user to grant permission and rejoin the channel.<dl outputclass="deprecated">
                        <dlentry>
                            <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                            <dd>This enumerator is deprecated Please use<xref keyref="onPermissionError"/> (0) in the  callback instead<xref keyref="CAMERA"/>.</dd>
                        </dlentry>
                        </dl></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_DEVICE_BUSY"/></pt>
                <pd>3: The local video capturing device is in use. Remind the user to check whether another application occupies the camera.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_CAPTURE_FAILURE"/></pt>
                <pd>4: The local video capture fails. Remind the user to check whether the video capture device is working properly or the camera is occupied by another application, and then  to rejoin the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_ENCODE_FAILURE"/></pt>
                <pd>5: The local video encoding fails.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios cpp flutter">
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_CAPTURE_INBACKGROUND"/></pt>
                <pd>6:<ph props="cpp flutter"> (iOS only) </ph>The app is in the background. Remind the user that video capture cannot be performed normally when the app is in the background.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios cpp flutter">
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_CAPTURE_MULTIPLE_FOREGROUND_APPS"/></pt>
                <pd>7:<ph props="cpp flutter"> (iOS only)</ph>  The current application window is running in Slide Over, Split View, or Picture in Picture mode, and another app is occupying the camera. Remind the user that the application cannot capture video properly when the app is running in Slide Over, Split View, or Picture in Picture mode and another app is occupying the camera.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_DEVICE_NOT_FOUND"/></pt>
                <pd>8: Fails to find a local video capture device. Remind the user to check whether the camera is connected to the device properly or the camera is working properly, and then to rejoin the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp mac">
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_DEVICE_DISCONNECTED"/></pt>
                <pd>9: (macOS only) The video capture device currently in use is disconnected (such as being unplugged).</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="mac cpp flutter">
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_DEVICE_INVALID_ID"/></pt>
                <pd><ph>10:</ph><ph props="cpp flutter"> (macOS and Windows only)</ph><ph> The SDK cannot find the video device in the video device list. Check whether the ID of the video device is valid.</ph></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp mac flutter">
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_MINIMIZED"/></pt>
                <pd><ph>11:</ph><ph props="cpp flutter"> (macOS only)</ph><ph> The<xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/> shared window is minimized when you call  to share a window. The SDK cannot share a minimized window. You can cancel the minimization of this window at the application layer, for example by maximizing this window.</ph></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="android cpp mac flutter">
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_CLOSED"/></pt>
                <pd>
                    <p><ph>12:</ph><ph props="cpp flutter"> (macOS and Windows only)</ph><ph> The error code indicates that a window shared by the window ID has been closed or a full-screen window shared by the window ID has exited full-screen mode. After exiting full-screen mode, remote users cannot see the shared window. To prevent remote users from seeing a black screen, Agora recommends that you immediately stop screen sharing.</ph></p>
                    <p>Common scenarios for reporting this error code:<ul>
                    <li>When the local user closes the shared window, the SDK reports this error code.</li>
                    <li>The local user shows some slides in full-screen mode first, and then shares the windows of the slides. After the user exits full-screen mode, the SDK reports this error code.</li>
                    <li>The local user watches a web video or reads a web document in full-screen mode first, and then shares the window of the web video or document. After the user exits full-screen mode, the SDK reports this error code.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp">
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_OCCLUDED"/></pt>
                <pd>13: (Windows only) The window being shared is overlapped by another window, so the overlapped area is blacked out by the SDK during window sharing.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="hide">
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_SCREEN_CAPTURE_WINDOW_NOT_SUPPORTED"/></pt>
                <pd>20: (Windows only) The SDK does not support sharing this type of window.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp">
                <pt><ph keyref="LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_ERROR_DEVICE_SYSTEM_PRESSURE"/></pt>
                <pd>101: The current video capture device is unavailable due to excessive system pressure.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios">
                <pt><ph keyref="AgoraLocalVideoStreamErrorExtensionCaptureStarted"/></pt>
                <pd>13: The extension for the screen sharing process starts.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios">
                <pt><ph keyref="AgoraLocalVideoStreamErrorExtensionCaptureStoped"/></pt>
                <pd>14: The extension for the screen sharing process ends.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="ios">
                <pt><ph keyref="AgoraLocalVideoStreamErrorExtensionCaptureDisconnected"/></pt>
                <pd>15: The extension for the screen sharing process exits unexpectedly.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
