<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_videomoduleposition">
    <title><ph keyref="VIDEO_MODULE_POSITION"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The frame position of the video observer.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Enumerator</title>
            <note>To understand specific locations of different video observation points on the video link, see <xref keyref="videomodule"/>.</note>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="POSITION_POST_CAPTURER"/></pt>
                <pd>1: The location of the locally collected video data after preprocessing corresponds to the <xref keyref="onCaptureVideoFrame"/> callback. The observed video here has the effect of video pre-processing, which can be verified by enabling image enhancement, virtual background, or watermark.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="POSITION_PRE_RENDERER"/></pt>
                <pd>2: The pre-renderer position, which corresponds to the video data in the <xref keyref="onRenderVideoFrame"/> callback.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="POSITION_PRE_ENCODER"/></pt>
                <pd>4: The pre-encoder position, which corresponds to the video data in the <xref keyref="onPreEncodeVideoFrame"/> callback. The observed video here has the effects of video pre-processing and encoding pre-processing.<ul>
                    <li>To verify the pre-processing effects of the video, you can enable beauty mode, virtual background, or watermark.</li>
                    <li>To test the pre-encoding processing effect, you can verify it by setting a lower frame rate (e.g. 5 fps).</li></ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt><ph keyref="POSITION_POST_CAPTURER_ORIGIN"/></pt>
                <pd>8: The position after local video capture and before pre-processing. The observed video here does not have pre-processing effects, which can be verified by enabling beauty mode, virtual background, or setting watermarks.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
