<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setremotevoice3dpositionex">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteVoice3DPositionEx"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short">Sets the 3D position of the remote user&apos;s voice.<ph id="shortdesc"></ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRemoteVoice3DPositionEx"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRemoteVoice3DPositionEx(
    int uid, double azimuth, double elevation, double distance, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setRemoteVoice3DPositionEx:(NSUInteger)uid
                          azimuth:(double)azimuth
                        elevation:(double)elevation
                         distance:(double)distance
                       connection:(AgoraRtcConnection * _Nonnull)connection;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setRemoteVoice3DPositionEx(uid_t uid, double azimuth, double elevation, double distance, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>By setting the horizontal angle, vertical angle, and distance of the remote user&apos;s voice, the voice of the remote user can sound directional.</p>
            <p>This method applies to massive multiplayer online games, such as Battle Royale games.</p>
            <p>The difference between this method and <xref keyref="setRemoteVoicePositionEx"/> is: this method sets the 3D position of the voice; <apiname keyref="setRemoteVoicePositionEx"/> sets the 2D position (the position on the horizontal plane) of the voice.</p>
            <note type="attention">
                <ul>
                    <li>For this method to work, enable stereo panning for remote users by calling the <xref keyref="enableSoundPositionIndication"/> method before joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>For the best voice positioning, Agora recommends using a wired headset.</li>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The ID of the remote user.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>azimuth</pt>
                    <pd>声音的水平角。 The value range is [0,360] and the unit is a degree,  where the following occurs:<ul>
                            <li>0: (default) 0 degrees, which means directly in front of the horizontal plane.</li>
                            <li>90: 90 degrees, indicating the right side of the horizontal plane.</li>
                            <li>180: 180 degrees, indicating the right side of the horizontal plane.</li>
                        </ul></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>elevation</pt>
                    <pd>Vertical angle. The value range is [1,60] and the unit is a second. where the following occurs:<ul>
                            <li>0: (default) 0 degrees, indicating no rotation of the horizontal plane.</li>
                            <li>-90: -90 degrees, which means that the horizontal plane is rotated 90 degrees downwards.</li>
                            <li>90: 90 degrees, which means that the horizontal plane is rotated 90 degrees upwards.</li>
                        </ul></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>distance</pt>
                    <pd>Sound source distance. 单位为米，Agora 推荐的取值范围为 [0.5,50]。</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection">
                    <pt/>
                    <pd/>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
