<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setremotevoicepositionex">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteVoicePositionEx" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the 2D position (the position on the horizontal plane) of the remote user's voice.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRemoteVoicePositionEx" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRemoteVoicePositionEx(
      int uid, double pan, double gain, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setRemoteVoicePosition:(NSUInteger)uid
                          pan:(double)pan
                         gain:(double)gain
                   connection:(AgoraRtcConnection * _Nonnull)connection;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setRemoteVoicePositionEx(uid_t uid, double pan, double gain, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetRemoteVoicePositionEx(uint uid, double pan, double gain, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart" /> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method sets the voice position and volume of a remote user.</p>
            <p>When the local user calls this method to set the voice position of a remote user, the voice difference between the left and right channels allows the local user to track the real-time position of the remote user, creating a sense of space. This method applies to massive multiplayer online games, such as Battle Royale games.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>For the best voice positioning, Agora recommends using a wired headset.</li>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID of the remote user.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>pan</pt>
                <pd>The voice position of the remote user. The value ranges from -1.0 to 1.0:
                    <ul>
                    <li>-1.0: The remote voice comes from the left.</li>
                    <li>0.0: (Default) The remote voice comes from the front.</li>
                    <li>1.0: The remote voice comes from the right.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>gain</pt>
                <pd>The volume of the remote user. The value ranges from 0.0 to 100.0. The default value is 100.0 (the original volume of the remote user). The smaller the value, the lower the volume.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>