<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startscreencapturebydisplayid">
    <title><ph keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Shares the screen by specifying the display ID.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc-ng">
            <codeblock props="mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startScreenCaptureByDisplayId:(UInt32)displayId
                regionRect:(CGRect)regionRect
                captureParams:(AgoraScreenCaptureParameters *_Nonnull)captureParams;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartScreenCaptureByDisplayId(uint displayId, Rectangle regionRect, ScreenCaptureParameters captureParams);</codeblock> </p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc">
            <codeblock props="mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startScreenCaptureByDisplayId:(NSUInteger)displayId rectangle:(CGRect)rectangle parameters:(AgoraScreenCaptureParameters* _Nonnull)captureParams;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartScreenCaptureByDisplayId(uint displayId, Rectangle regionRect,
                ScreenCaptureParameters captureParams);</codeblock></p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startScreenCaptureByDisplayId(unsigned int displayId, const Rectangle&amp; regionRect,
                const ScreenCaptureParameters&amp; captureParams) = 0;
            </codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startScreenCaptureByDisplayId(int displayId,
      [Rectangle? regionRect, ScreenCaptureParameters? captureParams]);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method shares a screen or part of the screen. You need to specify the ID of the screen to be shared in this method.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <p props="mac">Call this method after joining a channel.</p>
            <ul props="cpp flutter">
            <li>This method applies to macOS and Windows only.</li>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>On the Windows platform, if the user device is connected to another display, to avoid screen sharing issues, use this method to start sharing instead of using <xref keyref="startScreenCaptureByScreenRect" />.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>displayId</pt>
                <pd>The display ID of the screen to be shared. This parameter specifies which screen you want to share.
                    
                    <p props="mac cpp">For more information on how to get the display ID, see <xref keyref="guide-screensharing" /> or get the display ID from<parmname> sourceId</parmname> returned by <xref keyref="getScreenCaptureSources" />.</p>
                    <p props="rtc-ng">For more information on how to get the display ID, see <xref keyref="guide-screensharing" />.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="cpp cs flutter">
                <pt>regionRect</pt>
                <pd>(Optional) Sets the relative location of the region to the screen. If you do not set this parameter, the SDK shares the whole screen. See <xref keyref="Rectangle" /> for details. If the specified region overruns the screen, the SDK shares only the region within it; if you set width or height as 0, the SDK shares the whole screen.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="mac">
                <pt props="rtc">rectangle</pt>
                <pt props="rtc-ng">regionRect</pt>
                <pd>(Optional) Sets the relative location of the region to the screen. If you do not set this parameter, the SDK shares the whole screen. It consists of the following parameters:
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li>x: The horizontal offset from the top-left corner.</li>
                    <li>y: The vertical offset from the top-left corner.</li>
                    <li>width: The width of the region.</li>
                    <li>height: The height of the region.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>If the specified region overruns the screen, the SDK shares only the region within it; if you set width or height as 0, the SDK shares the whole screen.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>captureParams</pt>
                <pd>Screen sharing configurations. The default video dimension is 1920 x 1080, that is, 2,073,600 pixels. Agora uses the value of this parameter to calculate the charges. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters" /> for details.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>