<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setremotevoice3dposition">
    <title><ph keyref="setRemoteVoice3DPosition" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the 3D position of the remote user's voice.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setRemoteVoice3DPosition" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setRemoteVoice3DPosition(
    int uid, double azimuth, double elevation, double distance);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setRemoteVoice3DPosition:(NSUInteger)uid
                        azimuth:(double)azimuth
                      elevation:(double)elevation
                       distance:(double)distance;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setRemoteVoice3DPosition(uid_t uid, double azimuth, double elevation, double distance) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp" />
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart" />
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>By setting the horizontal angle, vertical angle, and distance of the remote user's voice, the voice of the remote user can sound directional.</p>
            <p>This method applies to massive multiplayer online games, such as Battle Royale games.</p>
            <p>The difference between this method and <xref keyref="setRemoteVoicePosition" /> is that this method sets a 3D position for the voice, whereas <apiname keyref="setRemoteVoicePosition" /> sets a 2D position that is the position on restricted to the horizontal plane for the voice.</p>
            <note type="attention">
                <ul>
                    <li>For this method to work, enable stereo panning for remote users by calling the <xref keyref="enableSoundPositionIndication" /> method before joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>For the best voice positioning, Agora recommends using a wired headset.</li>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry id="uid">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID of the remote user.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="azimuth">
                    <pt>azimuth</pt>
                    <pd>The horizontal angle. The value range is [0,360], and the unit is degrees,  where the following occurs:<ul>
                            <li>0: (default) 0 degrees, which means directly to the front on the horizontal plane.</li>
                            <li>90: 90 degrees, which means the left side on the horizontal plane.</li>
                            <li>180: 180 degrees, which means the right side on the horizontal plane.</li>
                        </ul></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="elevation">
                    <pt>elevation</pt>
                    <pd>The vertical angle. The value range is [-90,90], and the unit is degrees,  where the following occurs:<ul>
                            <li>0: (default) 0 degrees, which means that the horizontal plane is not rotated.</li>
                            <li>-90: -90 degrees, which means that the horizontal plane is rotated 90 degrees downwards.</li>
                            <li>90: 90 degrees, which means that the horizontal plane is rotated 90 degrees upwards.</li>
                        </ul></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="distance">
                    <pt>distance</pt>
                    <pd>The distance of the sound source. The value cannot be less than 0.5, and the unit is meters. Setting the distance too far results in low voice volume, so Agora recommends restricting the setting range to [0.5,50].</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>