<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_preloadeffect">
    <title><ph keyref="preloadEffect" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Preloads a specified audio effect file into the memory. </ph><ph id="shortdesc">将音效文件加载至内存。</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="preloadEffect" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public int preloadEffect(int soundId, String filePath);
</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)preloadEffect:(int)soundId
            filePath:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath;
</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int preloadEffect(int soundId, const char* filePath) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">preloadEffect(soundId: number, filePath: string): number</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int PreloadEffect(int soundId, string filePath);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; preloadEffect(int soundId, String filePath);</codeblock>
        </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>To ensure smooth communication, limit the size of the audio effect file. Werecommend<apiname keyref="joinChannel2" /> using this method to preload the audio effect before calling . 为保证通信畅通，请注意控制预加载音效文件的大小，并在 <apiname keyref="joinChannel2" /> 前就使用该方法完成音效预加载。</p>
            <note type="attention"><ul>
                <li>This method does not support online audio effect files. 该方法不支持在线音频文件。</li>
                <li id="audioFormats">For the audio file formats supported by this method, see What formats<xref keyref="audio-format"> of audio files does the Agora RTC SDK support</xref>. 该方法支持的音频文件格式见 <xref keyref="audio-format">Agora RTC SDK 支持播放哪些格式的音频文件</xref>。</li>
            </ul></note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>soundId soundId</pt>
  <pd id="soundId">The audio effect ID. The audio effect ID. The ID of each audio effect file is unique. The ID of each audio effect file is unique.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="filePath">
        <pt>filePath filePath</pt>
        <pd>文件路径：
         文件路径：
        <ul>
            <li props="android flutter unity windows">Android: 文件路径，需精确到文件名及后缀。 Android: 文件路径，需精确到文件名及后缀。 Agora supports using a URI address, an absolute path, or a path that starts with <ph>/assets/</ph>. Agora supports using a URI address, an absolute path, or a path that starts with <ph>/assets/</ph>. 
                You might encounter permission issues if you use an absolute path to access a local file, so Agora recommends using a URI address instead. 
                                通过绝对路径访问本地文件可能会遇到权限问题，Agora 推荐使用 URI 地址访问本地文件。 <ph>                    content://com.android.providers.media.documents/document/audio%203A14441 </ph>例如：<ph>content://com.android.providers.media.documents/document/audio%3A14441</ph>。</li>
            <li props="windows flutter unity">The absolute path or URL address (including the suffixes of the filename) of the audio effect file. Windows: 音频文件的绝对路径或 URL 地址，需精确到文件名及后缀。 For example: <ph>C:\music\audio.mp4</ph>. 例如： <ph>C:\music\audio.mp4</ph>.</li>
            <li props="ios mac flutter unity">iOS 或 macOS: 音频文件的绝对路径或 URL 地址，需精确到文件名及后缀。 iOS 或 macOS: 音频文件的绝对路径或 URL 地址，需精确到文件名及后缀。 iOS/macOS: For example: <ph>/var/mobile/Containers/Data/audio.mp4</ph>. 例如：<ph>/var/mobile/Containers/Data/audio.mp4</ph>.</li>
        </ul></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron unity">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
       <ul>
  <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
  <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
       </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
