<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_addpublishstreamurl">
    <title>
        <ph keyref="addPublishStreamUrl"/>
    </title>
    <shortdesc id="short">
        <ph id="shortdesc">Publishes the local stream to a specified CDN live streaming URL.</ph>
    </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="addPublishStreamUrl"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int addPublishStreamUrl(String url, boolean transcodingEnabled);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)addPublishStreamUrl:(NSString* _Nonnull)url transcodingEnabled:(BOOL)transcodingEnabled;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int addPublishStreamUrl(const char* url, bool transcodingEnabled) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">addPublishStreamUrl(url: string, transcodingEnabled: boolean): number</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int AddPublishStreamUrl(string url, bool transcodingEnabled);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">addPublishStreamUrl(url: string, transcodingEnabled: boolean): Promise&lt;void&gt;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; addPublishStreamUrl(String url, bool transcodingEnabled);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated" props="rtc">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                    <dd props="rtc">
                        <ph>This method is deprecated. </ph><ph
                            props="android apple cpp flutter electron">See <xref
                                keyref="release-notes">Release Notes</xref> for an alternative
                            solution.</ph>
                    </dd>
                    <dd props="rtc-ng">This method is deprecated. </dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>After calling this method, you can push media streams in RTMP or RTMPS protocol to
                the CDN. The SDK triggers the<xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback
                on the local client to report the state of adding a local stream to the CDN.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
                <ul>
                    <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
                    <li>Ensure that the media push function is enabled. <ph props="rtc">For details,
                            see the prerequisites in <xref keyref="guide-cdn-streaming">Media
                                Push</xref>.</ph></li>
                    <li>This method takes effect only when you are a host in live interactive
                        streaming.</li>
                    <li>This method adds only one streaming URL to the CDN each time it is called.
                        To push multiple URLs, call this method multiple times.</li>
                    <li>Agora only supports pushing media streams to the CDN in RTMPS protocol when
                        you enable transcoding.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry id="url">
                    <pt>url</pt>
                    <pd>The media push URL in the RTMP or RTMPS format. The maximum length of this
                        parameter is 1024 bytes. The URL address must not contain special
                        characters, such as Chinese language characters.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>transcodingEnabled</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p id="transcoding-desc">Whether to enable transcoding. <xref
                                keyref="term-transocding">Transcoding</xref> in a CDN live streaming
                            converts the audio and video streams before pushing them to the CDN
                            server. It applies to scenarios where a channel has multiple
                            broadcasters and composite layout is needed. <ul>
                                <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable transcoding.</li>
                                <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: Disable transcoding.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                        <note type="attention">If you set this parameter as <codeph><ph
                                    keyref="true"/></codeph>, ensure that you call the <xref
                                keyref="setLiveTranscoding"/> method before calling this
                            method.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ul>
                        <li><codeph>ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT</codeph> (-2): Invalid argument, usually
                            because the URL address is null or the string length is 0.</li>
                        <li><codeph>ERR_NOT_INITIALIZED</codeph> (-7): You have not initialized the
                            RTC engine when publishing the stream.</li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
