<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startaudiorecording3">
    <title><ph keyref="startAudioRecording3" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts audio recording on the client.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startAudioRecording3" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startAudioRecording(AudioRecordingConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startAudioRecordingWithConfig:(AgoraAudioRecordingConfiguration* _Nonnull)config;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startAudioRecording(const AudioRecordingConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">startAudioRecordingWithConfig(config: AudioRecordingConfiguration): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartAudioRecording(AudioRecordingConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startAudioRecordingWithConfig(
      AudioRecordingConfiguration config);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v3.4.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>The Agora SDK allows recording during a call. After successfully calling this method, you can record the audio of users in the channel and get an audio recording file. Supported formats of the recording file are as follows:
            <ul>
            <li>WAV: Large file size with high fidelity. For example, if the sample rate is 32,000 Hz, the file size for a recording duration of 10 minutes is around 73 M.</li>
            <li>AAC: Small file size with low fidelity. For example, if the sample rate is 32,000 Hz and the recording quality is <ph keyref="AUDIO_RECORDING_QUALITY_MEDIUM" />, the file size for a recording duration of 10 minutes is around 2 M.</li>
            </ul></p>
            <p>Once the user leaves the channel, the recording automatically stops.</p>
            <note type="attention">Call this method after joining a channel.</note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>config</pt>
                <pd>Recording configuration. See <xref keyref="AudioRecordingConfiguration" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>