<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_iaudiodevicemanager_startplaybackdevicetest">
    <title><ph keyref="startPlaybackDeviceTest" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts the audio playback device test.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startPlaybackDeviceTest" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startPlaybackDeviceTest:(NSString * _Nonnull)audioFileName;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startPlaybackDeviceTest(const char* testAudioFilePath) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">startAudioPlaybackDeviceTest(testAudioFilePath: string): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartPlaybackDeviceTest(string testAudioFilePath);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startAudioPlaybackDeviceTest(String testAudioFilePath)</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc" props="rtc-ng">
            <p>This method tests whether the audio playback device works properly. Once a user starts the test, the SDK plays an audio file specified by the user. If the user can hear the audio, the playback device works properly.</p>
            <p>After calling this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /> callback every 100 ms, reporting <parmname>uid</parmname> = 1 and the volume information of the playback device.</p>
            <note type="attention">Ensure that you call this method before joining a channel.</note> </section>
        <section props="rtc">
            <p>This method tests whether the audio playback device works properly. Once a user starts the test, the SDK plays an audio file specified by the user. If the user can hear the audio, the playback device works properly.</p>
            <p>As of v3.6.2, you can call this method either before or after joining a channel. Depending on the call sequence, the SDK triggers the following callbacks every 100 ms to report the volume of the audio playback device:
                
            
            
            
            <ul>
            <li><xref keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" /> and <xref keyref="onAudioDeviceTestVolumeIndication" /> when you call this method before joining the channel, with the following values: 
                    
                
                
                
                <ul>
                <li><codeph>uid = 1</codeph> and <codeph>volume</codeph> in <apiname keyref="onAudioVolumeIndication" />.</li>
                <li><codeph>volumeType = AudioTestPlaybackVolume(1)</codeph> and <codeph>volume</codeph> in <apiname keyref="onAudioDeviceTestVolumeIndication" />.</li>
                </ul>The two callbacks report the same volume information. Agora recommends using <apiname keyref="onAudioDeviceTestVolumeIndication" />.</li>
            <li><apiname keyref="onAudioDeviceTestVolumeIndication" /> when you call this method after joining a channel, which reports <codeph>volumeType = <ph keyref="AudioTestPlaybackVolume" />(1)</codeph> and <codeph>volume</codeph>.</li>
            </ul></p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Calling this method after joining a channel tests the audio capturing device that the SDK is using.</li>
            <li>After calling <apiname>startRecordingDeviceTest</apiname>, you must call <xref keyref="stopPlaybackDeviceTest" /> to stop the test.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp electron flutter cs">testAudioFilePath</pt>
                <pt props="mac">audioFileName</pt>
                <pd id="testAudioFilePath">
                    <p>The path of the audio file for the audio playback device test in UTF-8. </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>