<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_enabledeeplearningdenoise">
    <title><ph keyref="enableDeepLearningDenoise" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables/Disables deep-learning noise reduction.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableDeepLearningDenoise" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableDeepLearningDenoise(bool enable) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">enableDeepLearningDenoise(enable: boolean): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableDeepLearningDenoise(bool enable);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; enableDeepLearningDenoise(bool enable);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>The SDK enables traditional noise reduction mode by default to reduce most of the stationary background noise. If you need to reduce most of the non-stationary background noise, Agora recommends enabling deep-learning noise reduction as follows:
            
            
            <ol>
            <li>Ensure that the dynamic library is integrated in your project: <codeph><ph keyref="lib-file" /></codeph></li>
            <li>Call <apiname>enableDeepLearningDenoise</apiname>(<codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>).</li>
            </ol></p>
            <p>Deep-learning noise reduction requires high-performance devices. The deep-learning noise reduction is enabled only when the device supports this function. </p>
            <p props="ios mac cpp unity flutter">For example, the following devices and later models are known to support deep-learning noise reduction:
            
            
            <ul>
            <li props="ios cpp unity flutter">iPhone 6S</li>
            <li props="mac cpp unity flutter">MacBook Pro 2015</li>
            <li props="mac cpp unity flutter">iPad Pro (2nd generation)</li>
            <li props="mac cpp unity flutter">iPad mini (5th generation)</li>
            <li props="mac cpp unity flutter">iPad Air (3rd generation)</li>
            </ul></p>
            <p>After successfully enabling deep-learning noise reduction, if the SDK detects that the device performance is not sufficient, it automatically disables deep-learning noise reduction and enables traditional noise reduction.</p>
            <p>If you call <apiname>enableDeepLearningDenoise</apiname>(<codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>) or the SDK automatically disables deep-learning noise reduction in the channel, when you need to re-enable deep-learning noise reduction, you need to call <xref keyref="leaveChannel" /> first, and then call <apiname>enableDeepLearningDenoise</apiname>(<codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>).</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>This method dynamically loads the library, so Agora recommends calling this method before joining a channel.</li>
            <li>This method works best with the human voice. Agora does not recommend using this method for audio containing music.</li>
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enable</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to enable deep-learning noise reduction.
                    
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Enable deep-learning noise reduction.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Disable deep-learning noise reduction.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                
                
                <ul>
                <li>-157 (<codeph>ERR_MODULE_NOT_FOUND</codeph>): The dynamic library for enabling deep-learning noise reduction is not integrated.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>