<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setlocalvoicereverbpreset">
    <title><ph keyref="setLocalVoiceReverbPreset"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the local voice reverberation option, including the virtual stereo.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setLocalVoiceReverbPreset" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setLocalVoiceReverbPreset(int reverbPreset);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int) setLocalVoiceReverbPreset:(AgoraAudioReverbPreset)reverbPreset;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setLocalVoiceReverbPreset(AUDIO_REVERB_PRESET reverbPreset) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">setLocalVoiceReverbPreset(reverbPreset: AUDIO_REVERB_PRESET)</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
        </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="deprecated">
       <dlentry >
  <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
  <dd>This method is deprecated as of v2.4.0. Agora recommends using and instead<xref keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/>.</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>This method sets the local voice reverberation for users in a COMMUNICATION channel or hosts in a LIVE_BROADCASTING channel. After successfully calling this method, all users in the channel can hear the voice with reverberation.</p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>When using the enumeration value<xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> prefixed with <codeph>AUDIO_REVERB_FX</codeph>, please make sure to set the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter in to<apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/> (4) or<apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/> (5) before calling this method, otherwise, the method setting is invalid.</li>
  <li>When calling<apiname keyref="AUDIO_VIRTUAL_STEREO"/> this method with , Agora recommends setting<apiname keyref="setAudioProfile"/> the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter in as<apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/> (5).</li>
  <li>This method works best with the human voice, and Agora does not recommend using it for audio containing music and a human voice.</li>
  <li>Do not use this method with <xref keyref="setLocalVoiceChanger"/>, because the method called later overrides the one called earlier. For detailed considerations, see the advanced guide Set the Voice Effect.</li>
  <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>reverbPreset</pt>
  <pd><p props="ios mac windows">The local voice reverberation option. The default value is<apiname keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_OFF"/> , which means the original voice. For more details, see<xref keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_PRESET"/> . To achieve better voice effects, Agora recommends the enumeration whose name begins with <codeph>AUDIO_REVERB_FX</codeph>.</p></pd>
      <pd><p props="android">本地语音混响选项。 To achieve better voice effects, Agora recommends the enumeration whose name begins with <codeph>AUDIO_REVERB_FX</codeph>.<ul>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_OFF"/>: （默认）原声，即关闭本地语音混响。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_KTV"/>The reverberation style typical of a KTV venue (enhanced).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_VOCAL_CONCERT"/>The reverberation style typical of a concert hall (enhanced).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_UNCLE"/>: 大叔。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_SISTER"/>: 小姐姐。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_STUDIO"/>The reverberation style typical of a recording studio (enhanced).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_POPULAR"/>The reverberation style typical of popular music (enhanced).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_RNB"/>The reverberation style typical of R&amp;B music (enhanced).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_FX_PHONOGRAPH"/>: 留声机。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_POPULAR"/>: 流行。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_RNB"/>: R&amp;B。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_ROCK"/>: 摇滚。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_HIPHOP"/>: 嘻哈。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_VOCAL_CONCERT"/>: 演唱会。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_REVERB_KTV"/>: KTV。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_VIRTUAL_STEREO"/>: 录音棚。</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_VIRTUAL_STEREO"/>The reverberation of the virtual stereo. The virtual stereo is an effect that renders the monophonic audio as the stereo audio, so that all users in the channel can hear the stereo voice effect.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
