<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_getscreencapturesources">
    <title><ph keyref="getScreenCaptureSources"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Gets the list of sharable screens and
        windows.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="getScreenCaptureSources"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual IScreenCaptureSourceList* getScreenCaptureSources(const SIZE&amp; thumbSize, const SIZE&amp; iconSize, const bool includeScreen) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>You can call this method before sharing a screen or window to get a list of shareable
                screens and windows, which enables a user to use thumbnails in the list to easily
                choose a particular screen or window to share. This list also contains important
                information such as window ID and screen ID, with which you can call <xref
                    keyref="startScreenCaptureByWindowId"/> or <xref
                    keyref="startScreenCaptureByDisplayId"/> to start the sharing. <note
                    props="windows" type="attention">This method applies to macOS and Windows
                    only.</note></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>thumbSize</pt>
                    <pd>The target size of the screen or window thumbnail. The width and height are
                        in pixels. See <xref keyref="SIZE"/>. The SDK scales the original image to
                        make the length of the longest side of the image the same as that of the
                        target size without distorting the original image. For example, if the
                        original image is 400 × 300 and <parmname>thumbSize</parmname> is 100 × 100,
                        the actual size of the thumbnail is 100 × 75. If the target size is larger
                        than the original size, the thumbnail is the original image and the SDK does
                        not scale it.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>iconSize</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The target size of the icon corresponding to the application program. The
                            width and height are in pixels. See <xref keyref="SIZE"/>. The SDK
                            scales the original image to make the length of the longest side of the
                            image the same as that of the target size without distorting the
                            original image. For example, if the original image is 400 × 300 and
                                <parmname>iconSize</parmname> is 100 × 100, the actual size of the
                            thumbnail is 100 × 75. If the target size is larger than the original
                            size, the thumbnail is the original image and the SDK does not scale
                            it.</p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>includeScreen</pt>
                    <pd>Whether the SDK returns screen information in addition to window information:<ul>
                            <li><ph keyref="true"/>: The SDK returns screen and window
                                information.</li>
                            <li><ph keyref="false"/>: The SDK returns window information only.</li>
                        </ul></pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <p>An <xref keyref="IScreenCaptureSourceList"/> object.</p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
