<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setlowlightenhanceoptions">
    <title>
        <ph keyref="setLowlightEnhanceOptions"/>
    </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets low-light enhancement.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setLowlightEnhanceOptions"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetLowlightEnhanceOptions(bool enabled, LowLightEnhanceOptions options);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setLowlightEnhanceOptions(
                bool enabled, LowLightEnhanceOptions option);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>The low-light enhancement feature can adaptively adjust the brightness value of the
                video captured in situations with low or uneven lighting, such as backlit, cloudy,
                or dark scenes. It restores or highlights the image details and improves the overall
                visual effect of the video.</p>
            <p>You can call this method to enable the color enhancement feature and set the options
                of the color enhancement effect.You can call this method to enable the low-light
                enhancement feature and set the options of the low-light enhancement effect.</p>
            <note type="attention">
                <ul>
                    <li props="android">Before calling this method, ensure that you have integrated
                        the <codeph>libagora_video_process_extension.so</codeph> dynamic
                        library.</li>
                    <li props="ios mac">Before calling this method, make sure you have integrated
                        the <codeph>AgoraVideoSegmentationExtension.xcframework</codeph> library
                        into your project.</li>
                    <li props="cpp">Before calling this method, make sure you have integrated the
                            <codeph>libagora_segmentation_extension.dll</codeph> library into your
                        project.</li>
                    <li>Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo"/>.</li>
                    <li>Dark light enhancement has certain requirements for equipment performance.
                        The low-light enhancement feature has certain performance requirements on
                        devices. If your device overheats after you enable low-light enhancement,
                        Agora recommends modifying the low-light enhancement options to a less
                        performance-consuming level or disabling low-light enhancement
                        entirely.</li>
                </ul>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="cpp flutter cs">enabled</pt>
                    <pd>Sets whether to enable low-light enhancement: <ul>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Enable.</li>
                            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Disable.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="native cs">options</pt>
                    <pt props="flutter">option</pt>
                    <pd>The low-light enhancement options. For more details, see <xref
                            keyref="LowLightEnhanceOptions"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="cpp">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0: Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
