<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setlogfile">
    <title><ph keyref="setLogFile"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the log files that the SDK outputs.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setLogFile" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int getEffectDuration(const char* filePath) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">setLogFile(filePath: string): number</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
        </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
  <dd>This method is deprecated as of v2.4.0. 请改用 <xref keyref="create2"/> 设置日志文件路径。</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p props="electron">该方法设置的是 SDK 的 Native 层的日志。</p>
   <p>By default, the SDK outputs five log files: agorasdk.log, agorasdk_1.log, agorasdk_2.log, agorasdk_3.log, and agorasdk_4.log. Each log file has a default size of 512 KB. These log files are encoded in UTF-8. The SDK writes the latest log in agorasdk.log. When agorasdk.log is full, the SDK deletes the log file with the earliest modification time among the other four, renames agorasdk.log to the name of the deleted log file, and create a new agorasdk.log to record the latest logs.</p>
   <note type="attention">Ensure that you call this method<xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> immediately after initializing , otherwise, the output log may not be complete.</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>filePath</pt>
  <pd>
                        <p>The absolute path of the log files. The default file path is <codeph>C: \Users\&lt;user_name>\AppData\Local\Agora\&lt;process_name>\agorasdk.log</codeph>. Ensure that the directory for the log files exists and is writable. You can use this parameter to rename the log files.</p>
                    </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
