<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_enableloopbackrecording">
    <title><ph keyref="enableLoopbackRecording" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables loopback audio capturing.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableLoopbackRecording" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc-ng">
            <codeblock props="mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableLoopbackRecording:(BOOL)enabled;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableLoopbackRecording(bool enabled) = 0;</codeblock> </p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc">
            <codeblock props="mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)enableLoopbackRecording:(BOOL)enabled deviceName:(NSString *_Nullable)deviceName;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableLoopbackRecording(bool enabled, const char* deviceName = NULL) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">enableLoopbackRecording(
    enabled = false,
    deviceName: string | null = null
    ): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int EnableLoopbackRecording(bool enabled, string deviceName);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; enableLoopbackRecording(bool enabled, {String? deviceName})</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p id="desc">If you enable loopback audio capturing, the output of the sound card is mixed into the audio stream sent to the other end.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
            <ul id="ul_pjq_swq_t4b">
            <li props="cpp flutter">This method applies to macOS and Windows only.</li>
            <li props="cpp mac electron flutter">macOS does not support loopback capturing of the default sound card. To use this method, use a virtual sound card and pass its name
                            to the SDK as the value of the<parmname>deviceName</parmname> parameter.  Based on tests, Agora recommends using soundflower
          as the virtual sound card.</li>
            <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enabled</pt>
                <pd>Sets whether to enable loopback capturing.
                    <ul id="ul_qjq_swq_t4b">
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable loopback audio capturing.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Disable loopback capturing.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="native cs electron flutter">
                <pt>deviceName</pt>
                <pd>The device name of the sound card. The default value is <ph keyref="NULL" /> (the default sound card). If you use a virtual sound card like "Soundflower", set this parameter as the name of the sound card, "Soundflower". The SDK will find the corresponding sound card and start capturing.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>