<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_ichannel_joinchannelwithuseraccount">
    <title><ph keyref="IChannel_joinChannelWithUserAccount"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Joins the channel with a user account.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="IChannel_joinChannelWithUserAccount" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        
        <p conref="../conref/conref_rtc_api.dita#apidef/IChannel_joinChannelWithUserAccount"/>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>This method differs from the <apiname keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount1"/> method in the <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> class in the following aspects:</p>
   <table id="table_diff">
       <tgroup cols="2">
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
  <tbody>
      <row>
 <entry><apiname keyref="IChannel_joinChannelWithUserAccount">IChannel::joinChannelWithUserAccount</apiname></entry>
 <entry><apiname keyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount1">IRtcEngine::joinChannelWithUserAccount</apiname></entry>
      </row>
      <row>
 <entry>Does not contain the <parmname>channelId</parmname> parameter. Because <parmname>channelId</parmname> is specified when creating the <xref keyref="IChannel"/> object.</entry>
 <entry>You need to fill in the <parmname>channelId</parmname> that can identify the channel.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
 <entry>Users can join multiple channels simultaneously by creating multiple <apiname keyref="IChannel"/> objects and calling the <apiname keyref="IChannel_joinChannelWithUserAccount"/> methods of each object.</entry>
 <entry>Users can join only one channel.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
 <entry>By default, the SDK does not publish any stream after the user joins the channel. You need to call the <xref
keyref="IChannel_publish"/> method to do that.</entry>
 <entry>By default, the SDK publishes streams once the user joins the channel.</entry>
      </row>
  </tbody>
       </tgroup>
   </table>
   <p>Once the user joins the channel, the user subscribes to the audio and video streams of all the other users in the channel by default, giving rise to usage and billing calculation. If you do not want to subscribe to a specified stream or all remote streams, call the <codeph>mute</codeph> methods accordingly.</p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>If you are already in a channel, you cannot rejoin it with the user ID.</li>
  <li>We recommend using different user accounts for different channels.</li>
  <li>If you want to join the same channel from different devices, ensure that the user accounts in all devices are different.</li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry conkeyref="joinChannel2/token">
  <pt/>
  <pd/>
       </plentry>
       <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelWithUserAccount2/userAccount">
  <pt/>
  <pd/>
       </plentry>
       <plentry conkeyref="joinChannel2/options">
  <pt/>
  <pd/>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" conkeyref="joinChannel2/return_values"/></refbody>
</reference>
