<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_takesnapshot">
    <title><ph keyref="takeSnapshot" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Takes a snapshot of a video stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="takeSnapshot" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc-ng">
            <codeblock props="ios mac">- (NSInteger)takeSnapshot:(NSString* _Nonnull)channel uid:(NSInteger)uid filePath:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int TakeSnapshot(string channel, uint uid, string filePath);</codeblock></p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc">
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (NSInteger)takeSnapshot:(NSString* _Nonnull)channel uid:(NSInteger)uid filePath:(NSString* _Nonnull)filePath NS_SWIFT_NAME(takeSnapshot(_:uid:filePath:));
                </codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int TakeSnapshot(string channel, uint uid, string filePath);</codeblock></p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int takeSnapshot(String channel, int uid, String filePath);
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int takeSnapshot(const char* channel, uid_t uid, const char* filePath) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; takeSnapshot(String channel, int uid, String filePath);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v3.5.2</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>This method takes a snapshot of a video stream from the specified user, generates a JPG image, and saves it to the specified path.</p>
            <p>The method is asynchronous, and the SDK has not taken the snapshot when the method call returns.  After a successful method call, the SDK triggers <xref keyref="onSnapshotTaken" /> callback to report whether the snapshot is successfully taken as well as the details for the snapshot taken.
            
            
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>If the video of the specified user is pre-processed, for example, added with watermarks or image enhancement effects, the generated snapshot also includes the pre-processing effects.</li>
            </ul></note> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>channel</pt>
                <pd>The channel name.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>The user ID. Set <parmname>uid</parmname> as 0 if you want to take a snapshot of the local user's video.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>filePath</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The local path (including the filename extensions) of the snapshot. For example,

                    
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li props="cs electron flutter cpp">Windows: <ph>C:\Users\&lt;user_name&gt;\AppData\Local\Agora\&lt;process_name&gt;\example.jpg</ph></li>
                    <li props="flutter cpp ios">iOS: <ph>/App Sandbox/Library/Caches/example.jpg</ph></li>
                    <li props="flutter cpp mac electron">macOS: <ph>～/Library/Logs/example.jpg</ph></li>
                    <li props="flutter cpp android">Android: <ph>/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;package name&gt;/files/example.jpg</ph></li>
                    </ul>Ensure that the path you specify exists and is writable.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native cs electron">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>