<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_enableremotesuperresolution2">
    <title><ph keyref="enableRemoteSuperResolution2" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Enables/Disables the super resolution algorithm for a remote user's video stream. This is a beta feature.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="enableRemoteSuperResolution2" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int enableRemoteSuperResolution(bool enabled, SR_MODE mode, uid_t userId) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp" />
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart" /> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This feature effectively boosts the resolution of a remote user's video seen by the local user. If the original resolution of a remote user's video is a × b, the local user's device can render the remote video at a resolution of 2a × 2b
after you enable this feature.。</p>
            <p props="rtc">After you call this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onUserSuperResolutionEnabled" /> callback to report whether you have successfully enabled super resolution.</p>
            <note type="attention">
              <p>Before calling this method, ensure that you have integrated the following dynamic libraries into your project:
                <ul>
                <li props="android">Android: <ph>libagora_super_resolution_extension.so</ph></li>
                <li props="ios mac">iOS: <ph>AgoraSuperResolutionExtension.xcframework</ph></li>
                <li props="cpp">iOS: <ph>libagora_super_resolution_extension.dll</ph></li>
                </ul>
              </p>
            <p>The super resolution feature requires extra system resources. To balance the visual experience and system consumption, the SDK poses the following restrictions:
                <ul>
                  <li>This feature can only be enabled for a single remote user; otherwise, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onWarning" />callback and returns the warning code <ph keyref="WARN_SUPER_RESOLUTION_USER_COUNT_OVER_LIMITATION">WARN_SUPER_RESOLUTION_USER_COUNT_OVER_LIMITATION(1611)</ph>.</li>
                  <li>The original resolution of the remote user's video cannot exceed 640 × 360 pixels; otherwise, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onWarning" /> callback and returns the warning code <ph keyref="WARN_SUPER_RESOLUTION_STREAM_OVER_LIMITATION">WARN_SUPER_RESOLUTION_STREAM_OVER_LIMITATION(1610)</ph>.</li>
                  <li>The feature cannot be enabled in certain specific devices, if one of these devices is used, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onWarning" /> callback and returns the warning code <ph keyref="WARN_SUPER_RESOLUTION_DEVICE_NOT_SUPPORTED">&gt;WARN_SUPER_RESOLUTION_DEVICE_NOT_SUPPORTED(1612)</ph>.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enable</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable super resolution for the remote user’s video:
                    <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="true" />: Enable super resolution.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="false" />: Disable super resolution.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>mode</pt>
                <pd>The mode of super resolution. See <xref keyref="SR_MODE" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>userId</pt>
                <pd>The user ID of the remote user. This parameter only applies when <parmname>mode</parmname> is set as <ph keyref="SR_MODE_MANUAL">SR_MODE_MANUAL(0)</ph>.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="electron cs native">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.
                <ul props="rtc">
                <li>-157: The dynamic library for super resolution is not integrated.</li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>