<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startaudiomixing">
    <title><ph keyref="startAudioMixing" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts playing the music file.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startAudioMixing" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startAudioMixing(
      String filePath, boolean loopback, boolean replace, int cycle);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startAudioMixing:(NSString *  _Nonnull)filePath
               loopback:(BOOL)loopback
                replace:(BOOL)replace
                  cycle:(NSInteger)cycle;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startAudioMixing(const char* filePath,
    bool loopback,
    bool replace,
    int cycle) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">startAudioMixing(filePath: string,
    loopback: boolean,
    replace: boolean,
    cycle: number
    ): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartAudioMixing(string filePath, bool loopback, bool replace, int cycle);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart" /> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                <dd>Please use <xref keyref="startAudioMixing2" /> instead.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p id="audiomixing_detailed">This method mixes the specified local or online audio file with the audio from the microphone, or replaces the microphone's audio with the specified local or remote audio file. A successful method call triggers the <xref keyref="onAudioMixingStateChanged" /> (<apiname keyref="AUDIO_MIXING_STATE_PLAYING" />) callback. When the audio mixing file playback finishes, the SDK triggers the <apiname keyref="onAudioMixingStateChanged" /> (<apiname keyref="AUDIO_MIXING_STATE_STOPPED" />) callback on the local client.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="audiomixing_note">
            <ul>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel. If you need to call <apiname keyref="startAudioMixing" /> multiple times, ensure that the time interval between calling this method is more than 500 ms.</li>
            <li>If the local audio mixing file does not exist, or if the SDK does not support the file format or cannot access the music file URL, the SDK returns <codeph>WARN_AUDIO_MIXING_OPEN_ERROR</codeph> (701).</li>
            <li props="android">To use this method, ensure that the Android device is v4.2 or later, and the API version is v16 or later.</li>
            <li props="android">If you need to play an online music file, Agora does not recommend using the redirected URL address. Some Android devices may fail to open a redirected URL address.</li>
            <li props="android">If you call this method on an emulator, ensure that the music file is in the /sdcard/ directory and the format is MP3.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>filePath</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p conkeyref="playEffect3/filepath" />
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="loopback">
                <pt>loopback</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to only play music files on the local client:
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Only play music files on the local client so that only the local user can hear the music.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Publish music files to remote clients so that both the local user and remote users can hear the music.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="replace">
                <pt>replace</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>Whether to replace the audio captured by the microphone with a music file: 
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Replace the audio captured by the microphone with a music file. Users can only hear the music.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not replace the audio captured by the microphone with a music file. Users can hear both music and audio captured by the microphone.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="cycle">
                <pt>cycle</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The number of times the music file plays.
                    <ul>
                    <li>≥ 0: The number of playback times.  For example, 0 means that the SDK does not play the music file while 1 means that the SDK plays once.</li>
                    <li>-1: Play the audio effect in an infinite loop.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>