<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setcolorenhanceoptions">
    <title> <ph keyref="setColorEnhanceOptions" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets color enhancement.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setColorEnhanceOptions" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp" />
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetColorEnhanceOptions(bool enabled, ColorEnhanceOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setColorEnhanceOptions(bool enabled, ColorEnhanceOptions option);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>The video images captured by the camera can have color distortion.  The color enhancement feature intelligently adjusts video characteristics such as saturation and contrast to enhance the video color richness and color reproduction, making the video more vivid.</p>
            <p>You can call this method to enable the color enhancement feature and set the options of the color enhancement effect.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li props="android">Before calling this method, ensure that you have integrated the <codeph>libagora_video_process_extension.so</codeph> dynamic library.</li>
            <li props="ios mac">Before calling this method, make sure you have integrated the <codeph>AgoraVideoSegmentationExtension.xcframework</codeph> library into your project.</li>
            <li props="cpp">Before calling this method, make sure you have integrated the <codeph>libagora_segmentation_extension.dll</codeph> library into your project.</li>
            <li>Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo" />.</li>
            <li>The color enhancement feature has certain performance requirements on devices. With Color Enhancement turned on, Agora recommends that you change the Color Enhancement Level to one that consumes less performance or turn off Color Enhancement if your device is experiencing severe heat problems.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp flutter cs">enabled</pt>
                <pd>Whether to turn on color enhancement:
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Disable.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="native cs">options</pt>
                <pt props="flutter">option</pt>
                <pd><ph>The color enhancement options. For more details, see </ph><xref keyref="ColorEnhanceOptions" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="cpp">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>