<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setcloudproxy">
    <title> <ph keyref="setCloudProxy" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the Agora cloud proxy service.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setCloudProxy" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc-ng">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setCloudProxy(int proxyType);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setCloudProxy:(AgoraCloudProxyType)proxyType NS_SWIFT_NAME(setCloudProxy(_:));</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setCloudProxy(CLOUD_PROXY_TYPE proxyType) = 0;</codeblock> </p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setCloudProxy(CLOUD_PROXY_TYPE proxyType) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">setCloudProxy(type: CLOUD_PROXY_TYPE): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetCloudProxy(CLOUD_PROXY_TYPE proxyType);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setCloudProxy(CloudProxyType proxyType);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>3.3.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>When users' network access is restricted by a firewall, configure the firewall to allow specific IP addresses and ports provided by Agora; then, call this method to enable the cloud proxy and set the cloud proxy type with the <parmname>proxyType</parmname> parameter.</p>
            <p>After successfully connecting to the cloud proxy, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onConnectionStateChanged" /> (<ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTING" />, <ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_SETTING_PROXY_SERVER" />) callback.</p>
            <p props="rtc">As of v3.6.2, when a user calls this method and then joins a channel successfully, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onProxyConnected" /> callback to report the user ID, the proxy type connected, and the time calculated from when the user calling the <xref keyref="joinChannel1" /> method to the callback is triggered.</p>
            <p>To disable the cloud proxy that has been set, call the <codeph><apiname keyref="setCloudProxy" />(<apiname keyref="NONE_PROXY" />)</codeph>. </p>
            <p>To change the cloud proxy type that has been set, call the <codeph><apiname keyref="setCloudProxy" />(<apiname keyref="NONE_PROXY" />)</codeph> first, and then call the <apiname keyref="setCloudProxy" /> to set the <parmname>proxyType</parmname> you want.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li>Agora recommends that you call this method before joining the channel or after leaving the channel.</li>
            <li props="rtc">For the SDK v3.3.x, when users use the Force UDP cloud proxy, the services for Media Push and cohosting across channels are not available; for the SDK v3.4.0 or later, when users behind a firewall use the Force UDP cloud proxy, the services for Media Push and cohosting across channels are not available.</li>
            <li props="rtc-ng">When a user is behind a firewall and uses the Force UDP cloud proxy, the services for Media Push and cohosting across channels are not available.</li>
            <li>When you use the Force UDP cloud proxy, note that an error would occur when calling the <xref keyref="startAudioMixing2" /> method to play online music files in the HTTP protocol. The services for Media Push and cohosting across channels use the cloud proxy with the TCP protocol.</li>
            </ul></note></section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>proxyType</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p props="ios mac cpp electron cs flutter">The type of the cloud proxy. See <xref keyref="CLOUD_PROXY_TYPE" />.</p>
                    <p props="android"><ph>Type of the cloud proxy.</ph>
                    <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="NONE_PROXY" /><ph>(0): The automatic mode.  </ph><ph props="rtc-ng">The SDK has this mode enabled by default. </ph><ph>In this mode, the SDK attempts a direct connection to SD-RTN™ and automatically switches to TCP/TLS 443 if the attempt fails. </ph><ph props="rtc">As of v3.6.2, the SDK has this mode enabled by default.</ph></li>
                    <li><ph keyref="UDP_PROXY" />(1): The cloud proxy for the UDP protocol, that is, the Force UDP cloud proxy mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data over UDP.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="TCP_PROXY" />(2): The cloud proxy for the TCP (encryption) protocol, that is, the Force TCP cloud proxy mode. In this mode, the SDK always transmits data over TCP/TLS 443.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                    <p>This parameter is mandatory. The SDK reports an error if you do not pass in a value.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native cpp cs electron">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li> &lt; 0: Failure.
                <ul>
                <li>-2: The parameter is invalid.</li>
                <li>-7: The SDK is not initialized.</li>
                </ul> </li>
            </ul></section>
    </refbody>
</reference>