<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setupremotevideoex">
    <title><ph keyref="setupRemoteVideoEx" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Initializes the video view of a remote user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setupRemoteVideoEx" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setupRemoteVideoEx(VideoCanvas remote, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setupRemoteVideoEx:(AgoraRtcVideoCanvas* _Nonnull)remote
               connection:(AgoraRtcConnection * _Nonnull)connection;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setupRemoteVideoEx(const VideoCanvas&amp; canvas, const RtcConnection&amp; connection) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetupRemoteVideoEx(VideoCanvas canvas, RtcConnection connection);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart" /> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method initializes the video view of a remote stream on the local device. It affects only the video view that the local user sees. Call this method to bind the remote video stream to a video view and to set the rendering and mirror modes of the video view.</p>
            <p>The application specifies the uid of the remote video in the <xref keyref="VideoCanvas" /> method before the remote user joins the channel.</p>
            <p>If the remote uid is unknown to the application, set it after the application receives the <xref keyref="onUserJoined" /> callback. If the Video Recording function is enabled, the Video Recording Service joins the channel as a dummy client, causing other clients to also receive the <codeph>onUserJoined</codeph> callback. Do not bind the dummy client to the application view because the dummy client does not send any video streams.</p>
            <p>To unbind the remote user from the view, set the <parmname>view</parmname> parameter to NULL.</p>
            <p>Once the remote user leaves the channel, the SDK unbinds the remote user.</p>
            <note type="attention" props="android ios mac">
            <p>To update the rendering or mirror mode of the remote video view during a call, use the <xref keyref="setRemoteRenderModeEx2" /> method.</p>
            </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="android ios mac">remote</pt>
                <pt props="cpp">canvas</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The remote video view settings. For details, see <xref keyref="VideoCanvas" />.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry conkeyref="joinChannelEx/connection">
                <pt />
                <pd />
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>