<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setlivetranscoding">
    <title><ph keyref="setLiveTranscoding" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets the transcoding configurations for media push.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setLiveTranscoding" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setLiveTranscoding(LiveTranscoding transcoding);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setLiveTranscoding:(AgoraLiveTranscoding *_Nullable)transcoding;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setLiveTranscoding(const LiveTranscoding &amp;transcoding) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">setLiveTranscoding(transcoding: LiveTranscoding): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetLiveTranscoding(LiveTranscoding transcoding);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setLiveTranscoding(LiveTranscoding transcoding);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="deprecated">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
                <dd props="rtc"> <ph>This method is deprecated. </ph><ph props="android ios mac cpp">See <xref keyref="release-notes">Release Notes</xref> for an alternative solution.</ph> </dd>
                <dd props="rtc-ng">This method is deprecated.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>This method sets the video layout and audio settings for media push. The SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onTranscodingUpdated" /> callback when you call this method to update the transcoding settings.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
            <ul>
            <li>This method takes effect only when you are a host in live interactive streaming.</li>
            <li>Ensure that you enable the Media Push service before using this function. See Prerequisites in the advanced guide Media Push.</li>
            <li>If you call this method to set the transcoding configuration for the first time, the SDK does not trigger the <apiname keyref="onTranscodingUpdated" /> callback.</li>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>Agora only supports pushing media streams to the CDN in RTMPS protocol when you enable transcoding.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>transcoding</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The transcoding configurations for the media push. See <xref href="class_livetranscoding.dita" /> for details.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>