<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startscreencapturebyscreenrect">
    <title><ph keyref="startScreenCaptureByScreenRect" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Shares the whole or part of a screen by specifying the screen rect.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startScreenCaptureByScreenRect" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startScreenCaptureByScreenRect(const Rectangle&amp; screenRect, 
     const Rectangle&amp; regionRect, 
     const ScreenCaptureParameters&amp; captureParams) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">startScreenCaptureByScreen(screenSymbol: ScreenSymbol,
     regionRect: Rectangle,
     captureParams: ScreenCaptureParameters
     ): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int StartScreenCaptureByScreenRect(Rectangle screenRect, Rectangle regionRect,
            ScreenCaptureParameters captureParams);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startScreenCaptureByScreenRect(Rectangle screenRect,
      [Rectangle? regionRect, ScreenCaptureParameters? captureParams]);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v2.4.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p id="desc">This method shares a screen or part of the screen. You need to specify the area of the screen to be shared.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
            <ul>
            <li>This method applies to the Windows platform only.</li>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            </ul></note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry props="cpp cs flutter">
                <pt>screenRect</pt>
                <pd>Sets the relative location of the screen to the virtual screen.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry props="electron">
                <pt>screenSymbol</pt>
                <pd>The display ID (macOS) or ScreenRect that identifies the screen. See <xref keyref="ScreenSymbol" />. You can get the data stream ID by calling <xref keyref="getScreensInfo" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>regionRect</pt>
                <pd>(Optional) Sets the relative location of the region to the screen. If you do not set this parameter, the SDK shares the whole screen. See <xref keyref="Rectangle" />. If the specified region overruns the screen, the SDK shares only the region within it; if you set width or height as 0, the SDK shares the whole screen.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>captureParams</pt>
                <pd>The screen sharing encoding parameters. The default video dimension is 1920 x 1080, that is, 2,073,600 pixels. Agora uses the value of this parameter to calculate the charges. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>