<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_adjustuserplaybacksignalvolume">
    <title><ph keyref="adjustUserPlaybackSignalVolume"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Adjusts the playback signal volume of a specified remote user.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="adjustUserPlaybackSignalVolume" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int adjustUserPlaybackSignalVolume(int uid, int volume);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)adjustUserPlaybackSignalVolume:(NSUInteger)uid volume:(int)volume;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int adjustUserPlaybackSignalVolume(unsigned int uid, int volume) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">adjustUserPlaybackSignalVolume(uid: number, volume: number): number</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public int AdjustUserPlaybackSignalVolume(uint uid, int volume)</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript">adjustUserPlaybackSignalVolume(uid: number, volume: number): Promise&lt;void></codeblock>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> adjustUserPlaybackSignalVolume(int uid, int volume);</codeblock>
        </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <dl outputclass="since">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Since</dt>
  <dd>v3.0.0</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>You can call this method as many times as necessary to adjust the playback volume of different remote users, or to repeatedly adjust the playback volume of the same remote user.</p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
  <li>The playback volume here refers to the mixed volume of a specified remote user.</li>
       </ul>
   </note> 
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameters</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>uid</pt>
  <pd>The ID of the remote user.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="volume">
  <pt>volume</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>The playback volume. The value ranges from 0 to 100. The default value is 100, which represents the original volume.</p>
  </pd>
       </plentry> 
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
