<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setvideoencoderconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short">Sets the video encoder configuration. Sets the video encoder configuration.<ph id="shortdesc"></ph><ph id="shortdesc"></ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setVideoEncoderConfiguration" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setVideoEncoderConfiguration(VideoEncoderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setVideoEncoderConfiguration:(AgoraVideoEncoderConfiguration * _Nonnull)config;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setVideoEncoderConfiguration(const VideoEncoderConfiguration&amp; config) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">setVideoEncoderConfiguration(config: VideoEncoderConfiguration): number</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetVideoEncoderConfiguration(VideoEncoderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setVideoEncoderConfiguration(VideoEncoderConfiguration config);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   <p id="desc">Sets the encoder configuration for the local video. Sets the encoder configuration for the local video.</p>
   <note type="attention">You can call this method either before or after joining a channel. You can call this method either before or after joining a channel. 如果用户在加入频道后不需要重新设置视频编码属性，则
如果用户在加入频道后不需要重新设置视频编码属性，则
   Agora 建议在 <xref keyref="enableVideo" /> 前调用该方法，可以加快首帧出图的时间。    Agora 建议在 <xref keyref="enableVideo" /> 前调用该方法，可以加快首帧出图的时间。</note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry id="config">
  <pt>config config</pt>
  <pd>Video profile. 视频编码参数配置。 See <xref keyref="VideoEncoderConfiguration" />. See <xref keyref="VideoEncoderConfiguration" />.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native unity electron">
   <title>Returns Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success. 0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure. &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
