<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startrtmpstreamwithtranscoding">
    <title> <ph keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding"/> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts pushing media streams to a CDN and sets the transcoding configuration.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(String url, LiveTranscoding transcoding);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding:(NSString* _Nonnull)url transcoding:(AgoraLiveTranscoding* _Nullable)transcoding;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(const char* url, const LiveTranscoding&amp; transcoding) = 0;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startRtmpStreamWithTranscoding(LiveTranscoding transcoding);</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>You can call this method to push a live audio-and-video stream to the specified CDN address and set the transcoding configuration.  This method can push media streams to only one CDN address at a time, so if you need to push streams to multiple addresses, call this method multiple times.</p>
            <p>After you call this method, the SDK triggers the  callback on the local<xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> client to report the state of the streaming.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
            <ul>
            <li props="rtc-ng">Ensure that the media push function is enabled.</li>
            <li props="rtc">Ensure that you enable the Media Push service before using this function. See Prerequisites in the advanced guide <xref keyref="guide-cdn-streaming">Media Push</xref>.</li>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>Only hosts in the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile can call this method.</li>
            <li>If you want to retry pushing streams after a failed push, make sure to call stopRtmpStream first,<xref keyref="stopRtmpStream"/> then call this method to retry pushing streams; otherwise, the SDK returns the same error code as the last failed push.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="url">
                <pt>url</pt>
                <pd>Removes an RTMP or RTMPS stream from the CDN. The format is RTMP or RTMPS. The character length cannot exceed 1024 bytes. Special characters such as Chinese characters are not supported.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="transcoding">
                <pt>transcoding</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>旁路推流的转码属性，详见 <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/> 类。</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.<ul props="android ios mac">
                <li>-2：url 为空或为长度为 0 的字符串。</li>
                <li>-7：调用该方法前，未初始化 SDK。</li>
                </ul> </li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
