<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setaudioeffectpreset">
    <title><ph keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets an SDK preset audio effect.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
   <keywords>
       <indexterm keyref="setAudioEffectPreset" />
   </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody><section id="prototype">
        <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public abstract int setAudioEffectPreset(int preset);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (int)setAudioEffectPreset:(AgoraAudioEffectPreset)preset;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int setAudioEffectPreset(AUDIO_EFFECT_PRESET preset) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">setAudioEffectPreset(preset: AUDIO_EFFECT_PRESET): number</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetAudioEffectPreset(AUDIO_EFFECT_PRESET preset);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
        </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <title>Detailed Description</title>
   <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
       <dlentry>
  <dt>Since</dt>
  <dd>v3.2.0</dd>
       </dlentry>
   </dl>
   <p>Call this method to set an SDK preset audio effect for the local user who sends an audio stream. This audio effect does not change the gender characteristics of the original voice. After setting an audio effect, all users in the channel can hear the effect.</p>
   <p props="rtc">You can set different audio effects for different scenarios. See Set the Voice Beautifier and Audio Effects.</p>
   <p>To get better audio effect quality, Agora recommends calling  and setting <xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/><parmname>scenario</parmname> in  as <apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_GAME_STREAMING"/>(3) before calling this method.</p>
   <note type="attention">
       <ul>
  <li>You can call this method either before or after joining a channel.</li>
  <li>Do not set<apiname keyref="setAudioProfile"/> the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter in  to<apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_SPEECH_STANDARD"/>  (1) or <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_IOT"/>(6), or the method does not take effect.</li>
  <li>This method works best with the human voice. Agora does not recommend using this method for audio containing music.</li>
  <li>If you call<apiname keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/>  and set<apiname keyref="ROOM_ACOUSTICS_3D_VOICE"/> the parameter to enumerators except for<xref keyref="setAudioEffectParameters"/>  or<apiname keyref="PITCH_CORRECTION"/> . Do not call ; otherwise,<apiname keyref="setAudioEffectPreset" /> the settings in  are overridden.</li>
  <li>After<apiname keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/> calling<apiname keyref="setAudioEffectPreset"/> , Agora recommends not calling the following methods, because they can override :<ul>
         <li><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/></li>
         <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverbPreset"/></li>
         <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceChanger"/></li>
         <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoicePitch"/></li>
         <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceEqualization"/></li>
         <li><xref keyref="setLocalVoiceReverb"/></li>
         <li><xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/></li>
         <li><xref keyref="setVoiceConversionPreset"/></li>
      </ul>
  </li>
       </ul>
   </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters"><title>Parameter</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>preset</pt>
           <pd props="ios mac windows unity">The options for SDK preset audio effects. See <xref keyref="AUDIO_EFFECT_PRESET"/>.</pd>
           <pd props="android">Preset voice effects.<ul id="ul_klq_zw3_qqb">
               <li><ph keyref="AUDIO_EFFECT_OFF"/>: Turn off audio effects and use the original voice.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="ROOM_ACOUSTICS_KTV"/>: The reverberation style typical of a KTV venue.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="ROOM_ACOUSTICS_VOCAL_CONCERT"/>: The reverberation style typical of a concert hall.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="ROOM_ACOUSTICS_STUDIO"/>: The reverberation style typical of a recording studio.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="ROOM_ACOUSTICS_PHONOGRAPH"/>: The reverberation style typical of the vintage phonograph.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="ROOM_ACOUSTICS_VIRTUAL_STEREO"/>: A virtual stereo effect that renders monophonic audio as stereo audio. Before using this preset, set<xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter of<ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/>  to  or <ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>. Otherwise, the preset setting is invalid.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="ROOM_ACOUSTICS_SPACIAL"/>: A more spatial audio effect.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="ROOM_ACOUSTICS_ETHEREAL"/>: A more ethereal audio effect.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="ROOM_ACOUSTICS_3D_VOICE"/>: A 3D voice effect that makes the voice appear to be moving around the user. The default movement cycle is 10 seconds. After setting this effect, you can call  to<xref keyref="setAudioEffectParameters"/> modify the movement period.<ul>
                                    <li>Before using this preset, set<xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter of<ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_STANDARD_STEREO"/>  to  or <ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>. Otherwise, the preset setting is invalid.</li>
                                    <li>If the 3D voice effect is enabled, users need to use stereo audio playback devices to hear the anticipated voice effect.</li>
                                </ul></li>
               <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_EFFECT_UNCLE"/>: The reverberation style typical of an uncle's voice. Agora recommends using this preset to process a male-sounding voice; otherwise, you may not hear the anticipated voice effect.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_EFFECT_OLDMAN"/>: The voice of an old man. Agora recommends using this preset to process a male-sounding voice; otherwise, you may not hear the anticipated voice effect.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_EFFECT_BOY"/>: The voice of a boy. Agora recommends using this preset to process a male-sounding voice; otherwise, you may not hear the anticipated voice effect.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_EFFECT_SISTER"/>: The voice of a young woman. Agora recommends using this preset to process a female-sounding voice; otherwise, you may not hear the anticipated voice effect.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_EFFECT_GIRL"/>: The voice of a girl. Agora recommends using this preset to process a female-sounding voice; otherwise, you may not hear the anticipated voice effect.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_EFFECT_PIGKING"/>: The voice of Pig King, a character in Journey to the West who has a voice like a growling bear.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="VOICE_CHANGER_EFFECT_HULK"/>: The voice of the Hulk.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="STYLE_TRANSFORMATION_RNB"/>: The reverberation style typical of R&amp;B music. Before using this preset, set<xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter of<ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/>  to  or <ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>. Otherwise, the preset setting is invalid.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="STYLE_TRANSFORMATION_POPULAR"/>: The reverberation style typical of popular music. Before using this preset, set<xref keyref="setAudioProfile"/> the <parmname>profile</parmname> parameter of<ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/>  to  or <ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>. Otherwise, the preset setting is invalid.</li>
               <li><ph keyref="PITCH_CORRECTION"/>: A pitch correction effect that corrects the user's pitch based on the pitch of the natural C major scale. After setting this voice effect, you can call  to adjust the<xref keyref="setAudioEffectParameters"/> basic mode of tuning and the pitch of the main tone.</li>
           </ul>
           </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values">
   <title>Returns</title>
   <ul>
       <li>0: Success.</li>
       <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
   </ul>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
