<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startscreencapturemobile">
  <title><ph keyref="startScreenCaptureMobile" /></title>
  <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts screen sharing. This method is only available on Android and iOS.</ph></shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm keyref="startScreenCaptureMobile" />
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="prototype">
      <p outputclass="codeblock">
      <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
      <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
      <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp" />
      <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
      <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp" />
      <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
      <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; startScreenCaptureMobile(ScreenCaptureParameters2 parameters);</codeblock> </p>
    </section>
    <section id="detailed_desc">
      <p>On Android, during screen sharing, make sure the following:    
        <ul>
          <li>The user has granted screen capture permission to the application; otherwise, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged" /> callback and reports <codeph>ScreenCapturePermissionDenied</codeph>(16).</li>
          <li>The Android API level is not earlier than 21; otherwise, the method call fails and returns  <codeph>ScreenCaptureSystemNotSupported</codeph>(2).</li>
          <li>To capture system audio during screen sharing, ensure that the Android API level is not earlier than 29 as well; otherwise, the method call fails and returns <codeph>ScreenCaptureSystemAudioNotSupported</codeph>(3).</li>
        </ul> 
      </p>
      <p>On iOS, when the screen sharing extension process starts, ends, or quits unexpectedly, the SDK triggers the <apiname keyref="onLocalVideoStateChanged" /> callback and reports <codeph>ExtensionCaptureStarted</codeph>(13), <codeph>ExtensionCaptureStoped</codeph>(14), and <codeph>ExtensionCaptureDisconnected</codeph>(15) respectively.</p>
        <note type="attention" id="screen_capture">
          <ul>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>The billing of the screen sharing stream is based on the value of <codeph>dimensions</codeph> in <parmname>ScreenCaptureParameters</parmname> When you do not pass in a value, Agora bills you at 1280 × 720; when you pass a value in, Agora bills you at that value. For details, see <xref keyref="biling">Pricing for Real-time Communication</xref>.</li>
            <li>On Android, note the following:      
              <ul>
                <li>On Android 9 and later, to avoid the application being killed by the system after going to the background, Agora recommends you add the foreground service permission <codeph>android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE</codeph> to the <filepath>/app/Manifests/AndroidManifest.xml</filepath> file.</li>
                <li>Due to performance limitations, screen sharing is not supported on Android TV.</li>
                <li>Due to system limitations, if you are using Huawei phones, do not adjust the video encoding resolution of the screen sharing stream during the screen sharing, or you could experience crashes.</li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li>On iOS, note the following:        
              <ul>
                <li>This feature is only available for iOS 11 or later.</li>
                <li>This feature requires a high-performance device. Agora recommends that you use this feature on iPhone X or later models.</li>
                <li>If you are using the custom audio source instead of the SDK to capture audio, Agora recommends you add the keep-alive processing logic to your application to avoid screen sharing stopping when the application goes to the background.</li>
              </ul> 
             </li>
          </ul> 
        </note> 
    </section>
    <section id="parameters">
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
      <plentry>
        <pt>parameters</pt>
        <pd>The configuration of the screen sharing. See <xref keyref="ScreenCaptureParameters2" />.</pd>
      </plentry>
      </parml> </section>
    <section id="return_values" props="native electron cs">
        <title>Returns</title>
          <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
          </ul> 
    </section>
  </refbody>
  </reference>