<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_switchchannel2">
    <title><ph keyref="switchChannel2"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Switches to a different channel, and configures whether
            to automatically subscribe to audio or video streams in the target
        channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="switchChannel2"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual int switchChannel(const char* token, 
    const char* channelId, 
    const ChannelMediaOptions&amp; options) = 0;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">switchChannel(token: string, 
    channelId: string, 
    options?: ChannelMediaOptions): number</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SwitchChannel(string token, string channelId, ChannelMediaOptions options);</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; switchChannel(String? token, String channelName,
      [ChannelMediaOptions? options]);</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
                <dlentry props="native">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>This method allows the audience of a LIVE_BROADCASTING channel to switch to a
                different channel.</p>
            <p>After the user successfully switches to another channel, the <xref
                    keyref="onLeaveChannel"/> and <xref keyref="onJoinChannelSuccess"/> callbacks
                are triggered to indicate that the user has left the original channel and joined a
                new one.</p>
            <p>Once the user switches to another channel, the user subscribes to the audio and video
                streams of all the other users in the channel by default, giving rise to usage and
                billing calculation. If you do not want to subscribe to a specified stream or all
                remote streams, call the <apiname>mute</apiname> methods accordingly.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>token</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The token generated at your server. <ul>
                                <li>In scenarios with low security requirements, token is optional
                                    and can be set as <ph keyref="NULL"/>.</li>
                                <li>In scenarios with high security requirements, set the value to
                                    the token generated from your server. If you enable the App
                                    Certificate, you must use a token to join the channel.</li>
                            </ul>
                            <note type="caution">Ensure that the App ID used for creating the token
                                is the same App ID used by the <xref keyref="create2"/> method for
                                initializing the RTC engine.</note>
                        </p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="android ios mac cpp electron cs">channelId</pt>
                    <pt props="flutter">channelName</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The name of the channel. This parameter signifies the channel in which
                            users engage in real-time audio and video interaction. Under the premise
                            of the same App ID, users who fill in the same
                                <codeph>channelId</codeph> enter the same channel for audio and
                            video interaction. The string length must be less than 64 bytes.
                            Supported characters: <ul id="ul_lx4_nrc_h4b">
                                <li>All lowercase English letters: a to z.</li>
                                <li>All uppercase English letters: A to Z.</li>
                                <li>All numeric characters: 0 to 9.</li>
                                <li>Space</li>
                                <li>"!"、"#"、"$"、"%"、"&amp;"、"("、")"、"+"、"-"、":"、";"、"&lt;"、"="、"."、"&gt;"、"?"、"@"、"["、"]"、"^"、"_"、"{"、"}"、"|"、"~"、","</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>options</pt>
                    <pd>The channel media options. See <xref href="class_channelmediaoptions.dita"
                        />.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="native electron cs">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
                <li>0(ERR_OK): Success.</li>
                <li>&lt; 0: Failure. <ul>
                        <li>-1(ERR_FAILED): A general error occurs (no specified reason).</li>
                        <li>-2 (ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT): The parameter is invalid.</li>
                        <li>-5(ERR_REFUSED): The request is rejected. The role of the remote user is
                            not AUDIENCE.</li>
                        <li>-7(ERR_NOT_INITIALIZED): The SDK is not initialized.</li>
                        <li>-102(ERR_INVALID CHANNEL_NAME): The channel name is invalid. Please use
                            a valid channel name.</li>
                        <li>-113(ERR_NOT_IN_CHANNEL): The user is not in the channel.</li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
