<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_startrtmpstreamwithouttranscoding">
    <title> <ph keyref="startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding"/> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Starts pushing media streams to a CDN without transcoding.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
            <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void> startRtmpStreamWithoutTranscoding(String url);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>This method can push media streams to only one CDN address at a time, so if you need to push streams to multiple addresses, call this method multiple times. This method can push media streams to only one CDN address at a time, so if you need to push streams to multiple addresses, call this method multiple times.</p>
            <p>After you call this method, the SDK triggers the <xref keyref="onRtmpStreamingStateChanged"/> callback on the local client to report the state of the streaming.</p>
            <note type="attention" id="note">
            <ul>
            <li>Ensure that you enable the RTMP Converter service before using this function. See Prerequisites in <xref keyref="guide-cdn-streaming">Push Streams to CDN</xref>.</li>
            <li>Call this method after joining a channel.</li>
            <li>Only hosts in the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile can call this method.</li>
            <li>If you want to retry pushing streams after a failed push, make sure to call <apiname>stopRtmpStream</apiname> first, then call this method to retry pushing streams; otherwise, the SDK returns the same error code as the last failed push.</li>
            </ul> </note>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry id="url">
                <pt>url</pt>
                <pd>The address of the CDN live streaming. The format is RTMP or RTMPS.  The character length cannot exceed 1024 bytes. Special characters such as Chinese characters are not supported.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="windows">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>
                    &lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
