<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="api_setvideodenoiseroptions">
    <title> <ph keyref="setVideoDenoiserOptions" /> </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Sets video noise reduction.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="setVideoDenoiserOptions" />
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp" />
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public abstract int SetVideoDenoiserOptions(bool enabled, VideoDenoiserOptions options);</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">Future&lt;void&gt; setVideoDenoiserOptions(
                bool enabled, VideoDenoiserOptions option);</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p>Underlit environments and low-end video capture devices can cause video images to contain significant noise, which affects video quality.  In real-time interactive scenarios, video noise also consumes bitstream resources and reduces encoding efficiency during encoding.</p>
            <p>You can call this method to enable the video noise reduction feature and set the options of the video noise reduction effect.</p>
            <note type="attention">
            <ul>
            <li props="android">Before calling this method, ensure that you have integrated the <codeph>libagora_video_process_extension.so</codeph> dynamic library.</li>
            <li props="ios mac">Before calling this method, make sure you have integrated the <codeph>AgoraVideoSegmentationExtension.xcframework</codeph> library into your project.</li>
            <li props="cpp">Before calling this method, make sure you have integrated the <codeph>libagora_segmentation_extension.dll</codeph> library into your project.</li>
            <li>Call this method after calling <xref keyref="enableVideo" />.</li>
            <li>Video noise reduction has certain requirements for equipment performance. If your device overheats after you enable video noise reduction, Agora recommends modifying the video noise reduction options to a less performance-consuming level or disabling video noise reduction entirely.</li>
            </ul> </note> </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>Parameters</title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp flutter cs">enabled</pt>
                <pd>Sets whether to enable video noise reduction:
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: Enable.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: (Default) Disable.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>options</pt>
                <pd>The video noise reduction options. For more details, see
<xref keyref="VideoDenoiserOptions" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
        <section id="return_values" props="cpp">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <ul>
            <li>0: Success.</li>
            <li>&lt; 0: Failure.</li>
            </ul> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>