<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_onconnectionstatechanged">
    <title><ph keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when the network connection state changes.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onConnectionStateChanged"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onConnectionStateChanged(int state, int reason) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
                    connectionStateChanged:(AgoraConnectionState)state
                    reason:(AgoraConnectionChangedReason)reason;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onConnectionStateChanged(CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE state, CONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE reason) {
     (void)state;
     (void)reason;
     }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">on(evt: EngineEvents.CONNECTION_STATE_CHANGED, cb: (
     state: CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE,
     reason: CONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE
     ) =&gt; void): this;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnConnectionStateChanged(CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE state, CONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE reason)</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">ConnectionStateCallback? connectionStateChanged;</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v2.3.2</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p id="desc">When the network connection state changes, the SDK triggers this callback and reports the current connection state and the reason for the change.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <p conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/callback-desc" props="flutter rn"/>
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="state">
                <pt>state</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p id="connectionstate">The current connection state.<ph props="ios mac cpp cs"> For details, see <xref keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_TYPE"/>.</ph></p>
                    <ul props="android">
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_DISCONNECTED"/> (1): The SDK is disconnected from Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTING"/> (2): The SDK is connecting to Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_CONNECTED"/> (3): The SDK is connected to Agora's edge server and has joined a channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_RECONNECTING"/> (4): The SDK keeps reconnecting to the Agora edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_STATE_FAILED"/> 5: The SDK fails to connect to Agora's edge server or join the channel.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="reason">
                <pt>reason</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The reason for a connection state change.<ph props="ios mac cpp cs"> For details, see <xref keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_REASON_TYPE"/>.</ph></p>
                    <ul props="android">
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_CONNECTING"/> (0): The SDK is connecting to Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_JOIN_SUCCESS"/> (1): The SDK has joined the channel successfully.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INTERRUPTED"/> (2): The connection between the SDK and Agora's edge server is interrupted.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_BANNED_BY_SERVER"/> (3): The connection between the SDK and Agora's edge server is banned by Agora's edge server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_JOIN_FAILED"/> (4): The SDK fails to join the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_LEAVE_CHANNEL"/> (5): The SDK has left the channel.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INVALID_APP_ID"/> (6): The connection failed because the App ID is not valid. Please rejoin the channel with a valid App ID.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INVALID_CHANNEL_NAME"/> (7): The connection failed because the channel name is not valid. Please rejoin the channel with a valid channel name.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_INVALID_TOKEN"/> (8): The connection failed because the token is not valid. Typical reasons include:
                        
                        <ul id="ul_pf4_kcx_qqb">
                        <li>The App Certificate for the project is enabled in Agora Console, but you do not use a token when joining the channel. If you enable the App Certificate, you must use a token to join the channel.</li>
                        <li>The uid specified when calling <xref keyref="joinChannel1"/> to join the channel is inconsistent with the uid passed in when generating the token.</li>
                        </ul> </li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_TOKEN_EXPIRED"/> (9): The token has expired. You need to generate a new token from your server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_REJECTED_BY_SERVER"/> (10): The user is banned by the server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_SETTING_PROXY_SERVER"/> (11): The SDK tries to reconnect after setting a proxy server.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_RENEW_TOKEN"/> (12): The connection state changed because the token is renewed.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_CLIENT_IP_ADDRESS_CHANGED"/> (13): The IP Address of the SDK client has changed, probably due to a change of the network type, IP address, or network port.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT"/> (14): Timeout for the keep-alive of the connection between the SDK and the Agora edge server. The connection state changes to state.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_REJOIN_SUCCESS"/> (15): The SDK has rejoined the channel successfully.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_LOST"/> (16): The connection between the SDK and the server is lost.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="CONNECTION_CHANGED_ECHO_TEST"/> (17): The connection state changes due to the echo test.</li>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
