<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_onuserjoined">
    <title><ph keyref="onUserJoined"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs when a remote user (COMMUNICATION)/ host
            (LIVE_BROADCASTING) joins the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onUserJoined(int uid, int elapsed) {}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
    didJoinedOfUid:(NSUInteger)uid elapsed:(NSInteger)elapsed;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onUserJoined(uid_t uid, int elapsed) {
    (void)uid;
    (void)elapsed;
    }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">on(evt: EngineEvents.USER_JOINED, cb: (uid: number, elapsed: number) =&gt; void): this;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnUserJoined(uint uid, int elapsed)</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">UidWithElapsedCallback? userJoined;</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <ul id="detailed_desc_scene">
                <li>In a communication channel, this callback indicates that a remote user joins the
                    channel. The SDK also triggers this callback to report the existing users in the
                    channel when a user joins the channel.</li>
                <li>In a live-broadcast channel, this callback indicates that a host joins the
                    channel. The SDK also triggers this callback to report the existing hosts in the
                    channel when a host joins the channel. Agora recommends limiting the number of
                    hosts to 17.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>The SDK triggers this callback under one of the following circumstances: <ul>
                    <li>A remote user/host joins the channel by calling the <apiname
                            keyref="joinChannel2"/> method.</li>
                    <li>A remote user switches the user role to the host after joining the
                        channel.</li>
                    <li>A remote user/host rejoins the channel after a network interruption.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <p conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/callback-desc" props="flutter rn"/>
            <parml>
                <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                    <pt/>
                    <pd/>
                </plentry>
                <plentry id="uid">
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The ID of the user or host who joins the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>elapsed</pt>
                    <pd>Time delay (ms) from the local user calling <apiname keyref="joinChannel2"/>
                        until this callback is triggered.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
