<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_onnetworkquality">
    <title><ph keyref="onNetworkQuality"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc"
        >Reports the last mile network quality of each user in the channel.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="onNetworkQuality"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public void onNetworkQuality(int uid, int txQuality, int rxQuality) {}</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (void)rtcEngine:(AgoraRtcEngineKit * _Nonnull)engine
    networkQuality:(NSUInteger)uid
    txQuality:(AgoraNetworkQuality)txQuality
    rxQuality:(AgoraNetworkQuality)rxQuality;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual void onNetworkQuality(uid_t uid, int txQuality, int rxQuality) {
    (void)uid;
    (void)txQuality;
    (void)rxQuality;
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">on(evt: EngineEvents.NETWORK_QUALITY, cb: (
    uid: number,
    txquality: QUALITY_TYPE,
    rxquality: QUALITY_TYPE
    ) =&gt; void
    ): this;</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public virtual void OnNetworkQuality(uint uid, int txQuality, int rxQuality)</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">NetworkQualityWithUidCallback? networkQuality;</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p id="desc1"
            >This callback reports the last mile network conditions of each user in the channel. Last mile refers to the connection between the local device and Agora's edge server.</p>
            <p id="desc2"
            >The SDK triggers this callback once every two seconds. If a channel includes multiple users, the SDK triggers this callback as many times.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><ph keyref="callback-section-title"/></title>
            <p conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/callback-desc" props="flutter rn"
            />
            <parml>
            <plentry conkeyref="onJoinChannelSuccess/engine" props="ios mac">
                <pt/>
                <pd/>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="uid">
                <pt>uid</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>User ID. The network quality of the user with this user ID is
                            reported.</p>
                    <p props="rtc"
                    >If the uid is 0, the local network quality is reported.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="txQuality">
                <pt>txQuality</pt>
                <pd>Uplink network quality rating of the user in terms of the transmission bit
                        rate, packet loss rate, average RTT (Round-Trip Time) and jitter of the
                        uplink network. This parameter is a quality rating helping you understand
                        how well the current uplink network conditions can support the selected
                        video encoder configuration. For example, a 1000 Kbps uplink network may be
                        adequate for video frames with a resolution of 640 × 480 and a frame rate of
                        15 fps in the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile, but might be inadequate for
                        resolutions higher than 1280 × 720.<ph
                    props="ios mac cpp electron cs"> For details, see <xref
                    keyref="QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</ph>
                    <ul conkeyref="RemoteAudioStats/qualitytype" props="android">
                    <li/>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry id="rxQuality">
                <pt>rxQuality</pt>
                <pd>Downlink network quality rating of the user in terms of packet loss rate,
                        average RTT, and jitter of the downlink network.<ph
                    props="ios mac cpp electron cs"> For details, see <xref
                    keyref="QUALITY_TYPE"/>.</ph>
                    <ul conkeyref="RemoteAudioStats/qualitytype" props="android">
                    <li/>
                    </ul> </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
