<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="callback_ivideoframeobserver_getrotationapplied">
    <title><ph keyref="getRotationApplied"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Occurs each time the SDK receives a video frame, and prompts you whether to rotate the captured video.</ph></shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm keyref="getRotationApplied"/>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc-ng">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">boolean getRotationApplied();</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac">- (BOOL)getRotationApplied;</codeblock> </p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock" props="rtc">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public boolean getRotationApplied() {
    return false;
}
</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">- (BOOL)getRotationApplied NS_SWIFT_NAME(getRotationApplied());</codeblock> </p>
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">virtual bool getRotationApplied() { return false; }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <p props="cpp android">If you want to rotate the captured video according to the <parmname>rotation</parmname> member in the <apiname keyref="VideoFrame"/> class, register this callback by calling <xref keyref="registerVideoFrameObserver"/>. After you successfully register the video frame observer, the SDK triggers this callback each time it receives a video frame. You need to set whether to rotate the video frame in the return value of this callback.</p>
            <p props="ios mac"><ph props="rtc">If you want to rotate the captured video according to the <parmname>rotation</parmname> member in the <xref keyref="VideoFrame"/> class, ensure that you register this callback when calling <xref keyref="registerVideoFrameObserver"/>. After you successfully register the video frame observer, the SDK triggers this callback each time it receives a video frame. You need to set whether to rotate the video frame in the return value of this callback.</ph></p>
            <p props="ios mac"><ph props="rtc-ng">If the video has been rotated according to the <parmname>rotation</parmname> in <xref keyref="VideoFrame"/> on the capture device, you do not need to call this method to set the video rotation.</ph></p>
            <note type="attention">This function only supports video data in RGBA or YUV420.</note> </section>
        <section id="return_values">
            <title>Returns</title>
            <p>Sets whether to rotate the captured video:
            <ul>
            <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: Rotate the captured video.</li>
            <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: (Default) Do not rotate the captured video.</li>
            </ul></p>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
