<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_screenvideoparameters">
    <title><ph keyref="ScreenVideoParameters"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The video configuration for the shared screen
            stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p props="rtc" outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class ScreenVideoParameters {
  final VideoDimensions? dimensions;
  final int? frameRate;
  final int? bitrate;
  final VideoContentHint? contentHint;

  const ScreenVideoParameters(
      {this.dimensions, this.frameRate, this.bitrate, this.contentHint});

  factory ScreenVideoParameters.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$ScreenVideoParametersFromJson(json);
  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$ScreenVideoParametersToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            </p></section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
                /></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>dimensions</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The video encoding resolution. The default value is 1280 × 720. For
                            recommended values, see <xref keyref="rec-video-profile">Recommended
                                video profiles</xref>.</p>
                        <p>If the aspect ratio is different between <codeph>dimensions</codeph> and
                            the screen, the SDK adjusts the video encoding resolution according to
                            the following rules (using an example value for
                                <codeph>dimensions</codeph> of 1280 × 720): <ul>
                                <li>When the width and height of the screen are both lower than
                                    those of <codeph>dimensions</codeph>, the SDK uses the
                                    resolution of the screen for video encoding. For example, if the
                                    screen is 640 × 360, the SDK uses 640 × 360 for video
                                    encoding.</li>
                                <li>When either the width or height of the screen is higher than
                                    that of <codeph>dimensions</codeph>, the SDK uses the maximum
                                    values that do not exceed those of dimensions while maintaining
                                    the aspect ratio of the screen for video encoding. For example,
                                    if the screen is 2000 × 1500, the SDK uses 960 × 720 for video
                                    encoding.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                        <note type="attention">
                            <ul>
                                <li>The billing of the screen sharing stream is based on the value
                                    of <codeph>dimensions</codeph>. When you do not pass in a value,
                                    Agora bills you at 1280 × 720; when you pass a value in, Agora
                                    bills you at that value. For details, see <xref keyref="biling"
                                        >Pricing for Real-time Communication</xref>.</li>
                                <li>This value does not indicate the orientation mode of the output
                                    ratio. For how to set the video orientation, see <xref
                                        keyref="ORIENTATION_MODE"/>.</li>
                                <li>Whether the SDK can support a resolution at 720P depends on the
                                    performance of the device. If you set 720P but the device cannot
                                    support it, the video frame rate can be lower.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>frameRate</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The video encoding frame rate (fps). The default value is 15. For
                            recommended values, see <xref keyref="rec-video-profile">Recommended
                                video profiles</xref>.</p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>bitrate</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The video encoding bitrate (Kbps). For recommended values, see <xref
                                keyref="rec-video-profile">Recommended video profiles</xref>.</p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>contentHint</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The content hint of the screen sharing. See <xref
                                keyref="VIDEO_CONTENT_HINT"/>.</p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
