<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_watermarkoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="WatermarkOptions"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Configurations of the watermark image.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class WatermarkOptions {
  
  public boolean visibleInPreview = true;
  public Rectangle positionInLandscapeMode = new Rectangle();
  public Rectangle positionInPortraitMode = new Rectangle();
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface WatermarkOptions : NSObject

@property(assign, nonatomic) BOOL visibleInPreview;
@property(assign, nonatomic) CGRect positionInLandscapeMode;
@property(assign, nonatomic) CGRect positionInPortraitMode;
@end</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">typedef struct WatermarkOptions {
    bool visibleInPreview;
    Rectangle positionInLandscapeMode;
    Rectangle positionInPortraitMode;

    WatermarkOptions()
        : visibleInPreview(true)
        , positionInLandscapeMode(0, 0, 0, 0)
        , positionInPortraitMode(0, 0, 0, 0)
    {}
    } WatermarkOptions;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class WatermarkOptions
    {
        public WatermarkOptions()
        {
            visibleInPreview = true;
            positionInLandscapeMode = new Rectangle();
            positionInPortraitMode = new Rectangle();
        }

        public WatermarkOptions(bool visibleInPreview, Rectangle positionInLandscapeMode,
            Rectangle positionInPortraitMode)
        {
            this.visibleInPreview = visibleInPreview;
            this.positionInLandscapeMode = positionInLandscapeMode ?? new Rectangle();
            this.positionInPortraitMode = positionInPortraitMode ?? new Rectangle();
        }

        public bool visibleInPreview { set; get; }
        public Rectangle positionInLandscapeMode { set; get; }
        public Rectangle positionInPortraitMode { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface WatermarkOptions {
    visibleInPreview: boolean,
    positionInPortraitMode: Rectangle,
    positionInLandscapeMode: Rectangle
    }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class WatermarkOptions {

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  bool? visibleInPreview;

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  Rectangle? positionInLandscapeMode;

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  Rectangle? positionInPortraitMode;

  WatermarkOptions({
    this.visibleInPreview,
    this.positionInLandscapeMode,
    this.positionInPortraitMode,
  });

  factory WatermarkOptions.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$WatermarkOptionsFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$WatermarkOptionsToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
                /></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>visibleInPreview</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>Whether the watermark image is visible in the local video preview: <ul>
                                <li><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph>: (Default) The watermark
                                    image is visible in the local preview.</li>
                                <li><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph>: The watermark image is
                                    not visible in the local preview.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>positionInLandscapeMode</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The area to display the watermark image in landscape mode. <ph
                                props="android cpp cs">For details, see <xref keyref="Rectangle"
                                />.</ph><ph props="ios mac">This parameter contains the following
                                members.</ph>
                            <ul props="ios mac">
                                <li><codeph>x</codeph>: The horizontal offset from the top-left
                                    corner.</li>
                                <li><codeph>y</codeph>: The vertical offset from the top-left
                                    corner.</li>
                                <li><codeph>width</codeph>: The width (pixels) of the area.</li>
                                <li><codeph>height</codeph>: The height (pixels) of the area.</li>
                            </ul><ph props="ios android cpp">For details about the landscape mode,
                                see <xref keyref="guide-set-video-profile">Set the Video
                                    Profile</xref>.</ph></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>positionInPortraitMode</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The area to display the watermark image in portrait mode. <ph
                                props="android cpp cs">For details, see <xref keyref="Rectangle"
                                />.</ph><ph props="ios mac"> This parameter contains the following
                                members.</ph>
                            <ul props="ios mac">
                                <li><codeph>x</codeph>: The horizontal offset from the top-left
                                    corner.</li>
                                <li><codeph>y</codeph>: The vertical offset from the top-left
                                    corner.</li>
                                <li><codeph>width</codeph>: The width (pixels) of the area.</li>
                                <li><codeph>height</codeph>: The height (pixels) of the area.</li>
                            </ul><ph props="ios android cpp">For details about the portrait mode,
                                see <xref keyref="guide-set-video-profile">Set the Video
                                    Profile</xref>.</ph></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
