<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_channelmediarelayconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc><apiname keyref="ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration"/> The definition of .</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration { ChannelMediaInfo *srcInfo; ChannelMediaInfo *destInfos; int destCount; ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration() : srcInfo(nullptr) , destInfos(nullptr) , destCount(0) {} };</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface ChannelMediaRelayConfiguration { srcInfo: ChannelMediaInfo; destInfos: [ChannelMediaInfo]; }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>srcInfo</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>Pointer to the information of the source channel<xref keyref="ChannelMediaInfo"/>:. It contains the following members:<ul>
                                <li>channelName: The name of the source channel. The default value is NULL, which means the SDK applies the name of the current channel.<codeph></codeph><codeph><ph keyref="NULL"/></codeph></li>
                                <li><codeph>uid</codeph>: The unique ID to identify the relay stream in the source channel. The default value is 0, which means the SDK generates a random <codeph>UID</codeph>. You must set it as 0.</li>
                                <li><codeph>token</codeph>: The token for joining the source channel<codeph></codeph>. It is generated with the <codeph>channelName</codeph> and <codeph>uid</codeph> you set in <codeph>srcInfo</codeph>.<ul>
                                        <li>If you have not enabled the App Certificate, set this parameter as the default value NULL, which means the SDK applies the App ID.<codeph><ph keyref="NULL"/></codeph></li>
                                        <li>If you have enabled the App Certificate, you must use the <codeph>token</codeph> generated with the <codeph>channelName</codeph> and <codeph>uid</codeph>, and the <codeph>uid</codeph> must be set as 0.</li>
                                    </ul>
                                </li>
                            </ul>
                        </p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>destInformation</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>Pointer to the information of the destination channel<apiname keyref="ChannelMediaInfo"/>: . It contains the following members:<ul>
                                <li><codeph>channelName</codeph>: The name of the destination <codeph>channel</codeph>.</li>
                                <li><codeph>uid</codeph>: The unique ID to identify the relay stream in the destination channel. The value ranges from 0 to (<sup>232</sup>-1). To avoid UID conflicts, this uid must be different from any other UIDs in the destination channel. The default value is 0, which means the SDK generates a random UID. Do not set this parameter as the `uid` of the host in the destination channel, and ensure that this `uid` is different from any other `uid` in the channel.</li>
                                <li><codeph>token</codeph>: The token for joining the destination channel<codeph></codeph>. It is generated with the <codeph>channelName</codeph> and <codeph>uid</codeph> you set in <codeph>destInfos</codeph>.<ul>
                                        <li>If you have not enabled the App Certificate, set this parameter as the default value NULL, which means the SDK applies the App ID.<codeph><ph keyref="NULL"/></codeph></li>
                                        <li>If you have enabled the App Certificate, you must use the <codeph>token</codeph> generated with the <codeph>channelName</codeph> and <codeph>uid</codeph>.</li>
                                    </ul>
                                </li>
                            </ul>
                        </p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>destCount</pt>
                    <pd>The number of destination channels. The default value is 0, and the value range is from 0 to 4. Ensure that the value of this parameter corresponds to the number of<apiname
                            keyref="ChannelMediaInfo"/> structs you define in<codeph> destInfos</codeph>.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
