<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_colorenhanceoptions">
    <title>
        <ph keyref="ColorEnhanceOptions"/>
    </title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The color enhancement options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p props="rtc-ng" outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
            </p>
            <p props="rtc" outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp"/>
                <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-chsarp">public class ColorEnhanceOptions
   {
      public ColorEnhanceOptions()
      {
      }

      public ColorEnhanceOptions(float strengthLevel, float skinProtectLevel)
      {
         this.strengthLevel = strengthLevel;
         this.skinProtectLevel = skinProtectLevel;
      }

      public float strengthLevel { set; get; }
      public float skinProtectLevel { set; get; }
   };</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class ColorEnhanceOptions {
                  final double strengthLevel;
                
                  final double skinProtectLevel;
                
                  const ColorEnhanceOptions(
                      {this.strengthLevel = 0.0, this.skinProtectLevel = 1.0});
                
                  factory ColorEnhanceOptions.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
                      _$ColorEnhanceOptionsFromJson(json);
                
                  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$ColorEnhanceOptionsToJson(this);
                }</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title>
                <text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"/>
            </title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>strengthLevel</pt>
                    <pd>The level of color enhancement. The value range is [0.0, 1.0].
                            <codeph>0.0</codeph> is the default value, which means no color
                        enhancement is applied to the video. The higher the value, the higher the
                        level of color enhancement.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>skinProtectLevel</pt>
                    <pd>The level of skin tone protection. The value range is [0.0, 1.0].
                            <codeph>0.0</codeph> means no skin tone protection. The higher the
                        value, the higher the level of skin tone protection. The default value is
                        100.The default value is <codeph>1.0</codeph>. When the level of color
                        enhancement is higher, the portrait skin tone can be significantly
                        distorted, so you need to set the level of skin tone protection; when the
                        level of skin tone protection is higher, the color enhancement effect can be
                        slightly reduced. Therefore, to get the best color enhancement effect, Agora
                        recommends that you adjust <parmname>strengthLevel</parmname> and
                            <parmname>skinProtectLevel</parmname> to get the most appropriate
                        values.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
