<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_datastreamconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="DataStreamConfig"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The configurations for the data stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class DataStreamConfig { public boolean syncWithAudio = false; public boolean ordered = false; }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility(&quot;default&quot;))) @interface AgoraDataStreamConfig: NSObject @property (assign, nonatomic) BOOL ordered; @property (assign, nonatomic) BOOL syncWithAudio; @end</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">struct DataStreamConfig { bool syncWithAudio; bool ordered; };</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface DataStreamConfig { syncWithAudio: boolean; ordered: boolean; }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>The following table shows the SDK behaviors under different parameter settings:</p>
   <table id="table_uxz_bjk_t4b">
       <tgroup cols="3">
  <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" />
  <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" />
  <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3" />
           <thead>
               <row>
                   <entry><codeph>syncWithAudio</codeph></entry>
                   <entry><codeph>ordered</codeph></entry>
                   <entry>SDK behaviors</entry>
               </row>
           </thead>
           <tbody>
      <row>
 <entry><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph></entry>
 <entry><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph></entry>
 <entry>The SDK triggers the callback immediately after the receiver receives a data packet<xref keyref="onStreamMessage"/>.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
 <entry><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph></entry>
 <entry><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph></entry>
 <entry>If the data packet delay is within the audio delay, the SDK triggers the callback when the synchronized audio packet is played out<ph keyref="onStreamMessage"/>. If the data packet delay exceeds the audio delay, the SDK triggers the callback as soon as the<ph keyref="onStreamMessage"/> data packet is received.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
 <entry><codeph><ph keyref="false"/></codeph></entry>
 <entry><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph></entry>
 <entry>In this case, the data packet is not synchronized with the audio packet. If the delay of a data packet is within five seconds, the SDK corrects the order of the data packet.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
 <entry><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph></entry>
 <entry><codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph></entry>
 <entry>If the delay of a data packet exceeds five seconds, the SDK discards the data packet. If the delay of a data packet exceeds the audio delay, the SDK discards this data packet.</entry>
      </row>
  </tbody>
       </tgroup>
   </table>
   <?oxy-placeholder content="Details of this class."?>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>syncWithAudio</pt>
  <pd>
                        <p>Whether to synchronize the data packet with the published audio packet.<ul>
                                <li><codeph>: Synchronize the data packet with the audio packet.</codeph><ph keyref="true"/></li>
                                <li><codeph>: Do not synchronize the data packet with the audio packet.</codeph><ph keyref="false"/></li>
                            </ul>When you set the data packet to synchronize with the audio, then if the data packet delay is within the audio delay, the SDK triggers the callback when the synchronized audio packet is played out<xref
                                keyref="onStreamMessage"/>. Do not set this parameter as if you need the receiver to receive the data packet immediately<ph
                                keyref="true"/>. Agora recommends that you set this parameter to `true` only when you need to implement specific functions, for example lyric synchronization.</p>
                    </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>ordered</pt>
  <pd>
                        <p>Whether the SDK guarantees that the receiver receives the data in the sent order.<ul>
                                <li><codeph>: Guarantee that the receiver receives the data in the sent order.</codeph><ph keyref="true"/></li>
                                <li><codeph>: Do not guarantee that the receiver receives the data in the sent order.</codeph><ph keyref="false"/></li>
                            </ul>Do not set this parameter as if you need the receiver to receive the data packet immediately.<codeph><ph keyref="true"/></codeph></p>
                    </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
