<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_virtualbackgroundsource">
    <title><ph keyref="VirtualBackgroundSource" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc" /></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="windows unity" outputclass="language-cpp">struct VirtualBackgroundSource {
  BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE background_source_type;
  unsigned int color;
  const char* source;
  BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE blur_degree;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class VirtualBackgroundSource {

  VirtualBackgroundSourceType? backgroundSourceType;
  Color? color;
  String? source;
  VirtualBackgroundBlurDegree blurDegree;

  VirtualBackgroundSource({
    this.backgroundSourceType,
    this.color,
    this.source,
    this.blurDegree = VirtualBackgroundBlurDegree.High,
  });</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
                <dlentry props="native">
                    <dt>Since</dt>
                    <dd>v3.5.0</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p />
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="windows unity">background_source_type</pt>
                    <pt props="flutter">backgroundSourceType</pt>
                    <pd>The type of the custom background image. See <xref keyref="BACKGROUND_SOURCE_TYPE" />.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>color</pt>
                    <pd>The type of the custom background image. The color of the custom background image. The format is a hexadecimal integer defined by RGB, without the # sign, such as 0xFFB6C1 for light pink.   The default value is 0xFFFFFF, which signifies white. 
                        The value range is [0x000000, 0xffffff]. If the value is invalid, the SDK replaces the original background image with a white background image.<note type="note">This parameter takes effect only when the type of the custom background image is <ph keyref="BACKGROUND_COLOR" />.</note></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>source</pt>
                    <pd>The local absolute path of the custom background image. PNG and JPG formats are supported. If the path is invalid, the SDK replaces the original background image with a white background image.<note type="note">This parameter takes effect only when the type of the custom background image is <ph keyref="BACKGROUND_IMG" />.</note></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="windows unity">blur_degree</pt>
                    <pt props="flutter">blurDegree</pt>
                    <pd>The degree of blurring applied to the custom background image. See <xref keyref="BACKGROUND_BLUR_DEGREE" />. The default degree of blurring is <ph keyref="BLUR_DEGREE_HIGH" />.<note type="note">This parameter takes effect only when the type of the custom background image is <ph keyref="BACKGROUND_BLUR" />.</note></pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>