<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_lastmileproberesult">
    <title><ph keyref="LastmileProbeResult" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Results of the uplink and downlink last-mile network tests.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class LastmileProbeResult {
    
    public static class LastmileProbeOneWayResult {
      public int packetLossRate;
      public int jitter;
      public int availableBandwidth;
    }

    public short state;
    public int rtt;
    public LastmileProbeOneWayResult uplinkReport = new LastmileProbeOneWayResult();
    public LastmileProbeOneWayResult downlinkReport = new LastmileProbeOneWayResult();
  }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraLastmileProbeResult : NSObject

@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraLastmileProbeResultState state;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger rtt;
@property (strong, nonatomic) AgoraLastmileProbeOneWayResult *_Nonnull uplinkReport;
@property (strong, nonatomic) AgoraLastmileProbeOneWayResult *_Nonnull downlinkReport;
@end</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows unity" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LastmileProbeResult {
    LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE state;
    LastmileProbeOneWayResult uplinkReport;
    LastmileProbeOneWayResult downlinkReport;
    unsigned int rtt;
    };</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface LastmileProbeResult {
    state: LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE;
    uplinkReport: LastmileProbeOneWayResult;
    downlinkReport: LastmileProbeOneWayResult;
    rtt: number;
    }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart" />
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property" /></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>state</pt>
  <pd>The status of the last-mile network tests.
      <ph props="ios mac windows electron">See <xref keyref="LASTMILE_PROBE_RESULT_STATE" />.</ph>
  <ul props="android">
      <li>1: the last-mile network probe test is complete.</li>
                            <li>2: the last-mile network probe test is incomplete and the bandwidth
                                estimation is not available, probably due to limited test
                                resources.</li>
                            <li>3: the last-mile network probe test is not carried out, probably due
                                to poor network conditions.</li>
  </ul>    
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>uplinkReport</pt>
  <pd>Results of the uplink last-mile network test. See <xref keyref="LastmileProbeOneWayResult" />.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>downlinkReport</pt>
  <pd>Results of the downlink last-mile network test. See <xref keyref="LastmileProbeOneWayResult" />.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>rtt</pt>
  <pd>The round-trip time (ms).</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>