<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_remotevideostats">
    <title><ph keyref="RemoteVideoStats" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Statistics of the remote video stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p props="rtc-ng" outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class RemoteVideoStats {
    public int uid;
    public int delay;
    public int width;
    public int height;
    public int receivedBitrate;
    public int decoderOutputFrameRate;
    public int rendererOutputFrameRate;
    public int frameLossRate;
    public int packetLossRate;
    public int rxStreamType;
    public int totalFrozenTime;
    public int frozenRate;
    public int avSyncTimeMs;
  }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraRtcRemoteVideoStats : NSObject
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger uid;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger delay __deprecated;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger width;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger height;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger receivedBitrate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSUInteger receivedFrameRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) AgoraVideoStreamType rxStreamType;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger decoderOutputFrameRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger rendererOutputFrameRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger frameLossRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger packetLossRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger totalFrozenTime;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger frozenRate;
@property(assign, nonatomic) NSInteger avSyncTimeMs;
@end</codeblock>
            </p>
            <p props="rtc" outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
                <codeblock props="windows unity" outputclass="language-cpp">struct RemoteVideoStats {
    uid_t uid;
    int delay;
    int width;
    int height;
    int receivedBitrate;
    int decoderOutputFrameRate;
    int rendererOutputFrameRate;
    int packetLossRate;
    REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE rxStreamType;
    int totalFrozenTime;
    int frozenRate;
    int totalActiveTime;
    int publishDuration;
    };</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface RemoteVideoStats {
    uid: number;
    delay: number;
    width: number;
    height: number;
    receivedBitrate: number;
    decoderOutputFrameRate: number;
    rendererOutputFrameRate: number;
    rxStreamType: REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE;
    totalFrozenTime: number;
    frozenRate: number;
    packetLossRate: number;
    totalActiveTime: number;
    publishDuration: number;
    }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart" />
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property" /></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>uid</pt>
  <pd>The user ID of the remote user sending the video stream.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>delay</pt>
  <pd>
      <dl outputclass="deprecated">
 <dlentry>
     <dt>Deprecated:</dt>
     <dd>In scenarios where audio and video are synchronized, you can get the video delay data from <parmname>networkTransportDelay</parmname> and <parmname>jitterBufferDelay</parmname> in <xref keyref="RemoteAudioStats" />.</dd>
 </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>The video delay (ms).</p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>width</pt>
  <pd>The width (pixels) of the video.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>height</pt>
  <pd>The height (pixels) of the video.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>receivedBitrate</pt>
  <pd>The bitrate (Kbps) of receiving the remote video since the last count.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="ios mac">
           <pt>receivedFramerate</pt>
           <pd>Frame rate (Kbps) received since the last count.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>decoderOutputFrameRate</pt>
  <pd>The frame rate (fps) of decoding the remote video.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>rendererOutputFrameRate</pt>
  <pd>The frame rate (fps) of rendering the remote video.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>packetLossRate</pt>
  <pd>The packet loss rate (%) of the remote video after using the anti-packet-loss technology.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>rxStreamType</pt>
           <pd><p props="ios mac windows">The type of the video stream. For details, see <xref keyref="REMOTE_VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE" />.</p>
               <p props="android">The type of the remote video stream.</p>
           </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>totalFrozenTime</pt>
  <pd>The total freeze time (ms) of the remote video stream after the remote user joins the channel. In a video session where the frame rate is set to no less than 5 fps, video freeze occurs when the time interval between two adjacent renderable video frames is more than 500 ms.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>frozenRate</pt>
  <pd>The total video freeze time as a percentage (%) of the total time when the video is available. The video is available means that the remote user neither stops sending the video stream nor disables the video module after joining the channel.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="windows">
  <pt>totalActiveTime</pt>
  <pd>The total time (ms) when the remote user in the COMMUNICATION profile or the remote host in the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile neither stops sending the video stream nor disables the video module after joining the channel.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="windows">
  <pt>publishDuration</pt>
  <pd>The total duration (ms) of the published remote video stream.</pd>
       </plentry>
                <plentry props="android ios mac">
                    <pt>avSyncTimeMs</pt>
                    <pd>The amount of time (ms) that the audio is ahead of the video.<note type="attention">If it is negative, it means that the audio is lagging behind the video.</note></pd>
                </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>