<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_videocanvas">
    <title><ph keyref="VideoCanvas"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Video display configurations.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">struct VideoCanvas { view_t view; int renderMode; char channelId[MAX_CHANNEL_ID_LENGTH]; uid_t uid; void *priv; VIDEO_MIRROR_MODE_TYPE mirrorMode; VideoCanvas() : view(NULL) , renderMode(RENDER_MODE_HIDDEN) , uid(0) , priv(NULL) , mirrorMode(VIDEO_MIRROR_MODE_AUTO) { channelId[0] = &apos;\0&apos;; } VideoCanvas(view_t v, int m, uid_t u) : view(v) , renderMode(m) , uid(u) , priv(NULL) , mirrorMode(VIDEO_MIRROR_MODE_AUTO) { channelId[0] = &apos;\0&apos;; } VideoCanvas(view_t v, int m, const char *ch, uid_t u) : view(v) , renderMode(m) , uid(u) , priv(NULL) , mirrorMode(VIDEO_MIRROR_MODE_AUTO) { strncpy(channelId, ch, MAX_CHANNEL_ID_LENGTH); channelId[MAX_CHANNEL_ID_LENGTH - 1] = &apos;\0&apos;; } VideoCanvas(view_t v, int rm, uid_t u, VIDEO_MIRROR_MODE_TYPE mm) : view(v) , renderMode(rm) , uid(u) , priv(NULL) , mirrorMode(mm) { channelId[0] = &apos;\0&apos;; } VideoCanvas(view_t v, int rm, const char *ch, uid_t u, VIDEO_MIRROR_MODE_TYPE mm) : view(v) , renderMode(rm) , uid(u) , priv(NULL) , mirrorMode(mm) { strncpy(channelId, ch, MAX_CHANNEL_ID_LENGTH); channelId[MAX_CHANNEL_ID_LENGTH - 1] = &apos;\0&apos;; } }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>view</pt>
  <pd>The video display window (view).</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>renderMode</pt>
  <pd>The rendering mode of the video. See <xref keyref="RENDER_MODE_TYPE"/>.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>channelId</pt>
  <pd>
      <dl outputclass="since">
 <dlentry>
     <dt>Since</dt>
     <dd>v3.0.0</dd>
 </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>The unique channel name in the string format. Supported characters are (89 in total):<ul conkeyref="joinChannel2/char_support">
     <li/>
 </ul>
 <note type="attention">
     <ul>
<li>The default value is the empty string &quot;&quot;. If the user joins the channel through the <xref keyref="joinChannel2"/> method of the <xref keyref="IRtcEngine"/> class, set this parameter to the default value. In this case, <codeph>VideoCanvas</codeph> sets the user&apos;s view in the channel.</li>
<li>If the user joins the channel using the <apiname keyref="joinChannel2"/> method of the <xref keyref="IChannel"/> class, set this parameter to the <codeph>channelId</codeph> of the <apiname keyref="IChannel"/> object. In this case, <codeph>VideoCanvas</codeph> sets the user&apos;s view in the channel corresponding to the <codeph>channelId</codeph>.</li>
     </ul>
 </note>
      </p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>uid</pt>
  <pd>User ID.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>mirrorMode</pt>
  <pd>
      <dl outputclass="since">
 <dlentry>
     <dt>Since</dt>
     <dd>v3.0.0</dd>
 </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>The mirror mode of the view. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_MIRROR_MODE_TYPE"/>.<note type="attention">
     <ul>
<li>For the local user:<ul>
        <li>If the user uses the front camera, the mirror mode is enabled by default.</li>
        <li>If the user uses the rear camera, the mirror mode is disabled by default.</li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li>For the remote user: The SDK disables the mirror mode by default.</li>
     </ul>
 </note>
      </p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
