<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_playerstreaminfo">
    <title><ph keyref="PlayerStreamInfo" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The whole information of the media stream.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class MediaStreamInfo {
  private int streamIndex;
  private int mediaStreamType;
  private String codecName;
  private String language;
  private int videoFrameRate;
  private int videoBitRate;
  private int videoWidth;
  private int videoHeight;
  private int videoRotation;
  private int audioSampleRate;
  private int audioChannels;
  private int audioBytesPerSample;
  private long duration;

  public MediaStreamInfo() {}
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraMediaStreamInfo : NSObject

@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger streamIndex;
@property(nonatomic, assign) AgoraMediaStreamType streamType;
@property(nonatomic, copy) NSString *_Nonnull codecName;
@property(nonatomic, copy) NSString *_Nullable language;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger videoFrameRate;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger videoBitRate;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger videoWidth;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger videoHeight;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger audioSampleRate;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger audioChannels;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger duration;
@property(nonatomic, assign) NSInteger rotation;

@end</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">struct PlayerStreamInfo {
  int streamIndex;
  MEDIA_STREAM_TYPE streamType;
  char codecName[kMaxCharBufferLength];
  char language[kMaxCharBufferLength];
  int videoFrameRate;
  int videoBitRate;
  int videoWidth;
  int videoHeight;
  int videoRotation;
  int audioSampleRate;
  int audioChannels;
  int audioBitsPerSample;
  int64_t duration;
  PlayerStreamInfo() : streamIndex(0),
                       streamType(STREAM_TYPE_UNKNOWN),
                       videoFrameRate(0),
                       videoBitRate(0),
                       videoWidth(0),
                       videoHeight(0),
                       videoRotation(0),
                       audioSampleRate(0),
                       audioChannels(0),
                       audioBitsPerSample(0),
                       duration(0) {
    memset(codecName, 0, sizeof(codecName));
    memset(language, 0, sizeof(language));</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp" />
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart" />
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>streamIndex</pt>
                    <pd>The index of the media stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt props="ios mac windows">streamType</pt>
                    <pt props="android">mediaStreamType</pt>
                    <pd>The type of the media stream. See <xref keyref="MEDIA_STREAM_TYPE" /> for details.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>codecName</pt>
                    <pd>The codec of the media stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>language</pt>
                    <pd>The language of the media stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>videoFrameRate</pt>
                    <pd>For video stream, gets the frame rate (fps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>videoBitrate</pt>
                    <pd>For video stream, gets the bitrate (bps).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>videoWidth</pt>
                    <pd>For video stream, gets the width (pixel) of the video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>videoHeight</pt>
                    <pd>For video stream, gets the height (pixel) of the video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android ios mac">
                    <pt props="android">videoRotation</pt>
                    <pt props="ios mac">rotation</pt>
                    <pd>For video stream, gets the rotation angle of the video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>audioSampleRate</pt>
                    <pd>For the audio stream, gets the sample rate (Hz).</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>audioChannels</pt>
                    <pd>For the audio stream, gets the channel number.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android windows">
                    <pt>audioBitsPerSample</pt>
                    <pd>For the audio stream, gets the bits per sample.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>duration</pt>
                    <pd>The total duration (s) of the media stream.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>