<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_cameracapturerconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="CameraCapturerConfiguration"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The camera capturer preference.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
                <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct CameraCapturerConfiguration {
     CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE preference;
     int captureWidth;
     int captureHeight;
     #if defined(__ANDROID__) || (defined(__APPLE__) &amp;&amp; TARGET_OS_IOS)
     CAMERA_DIRECTION cameraDirection;
     #endif

     CameraCapturerConfiguration()
        :preference(CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE_AUTO)
        ,captureWidth(640)
        ,captureHeight(480)
        {}

    CameraCapturerConfiguration(int width, int height)
        :preference(CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE_MANUAL)
        ,captureWidth(width)
        ,captureHeight(height)
        {}
    };</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class CameraCapturerConfiguration
    {
        public CameraCapturerConfiguration()
        {
            preference = CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE.CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE_AUTO;
            captureWidth = 640;
            captureHeight = 480;
            cameraDirection = null;
        }

        public CameraCapturerConfiguration(int captureWidth, int captureHeight,
            CAMERA_DIRECTION? cameraDirection = null)
        {
            preference = CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE.CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE_MANUAL;
            this.captureWidth = captureWidth;
            this.captureHeight = captureHeight;
            this.cameraDirection = cameraDirection;
        }

        public CameraCapturerConfiguration(CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE preference, int captureWidth, int captureHeight,
            CAMERA_DIRECTION? cameraDirection = null)
        {
            this.preference = preference;
            this.captureWidth = captureWidth;
            this.captureHeight = captureHeight;
            this.cameraDirection = cameraDirection;
        }

        public CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE preference { set; get; }
        public int captureWidth { set; get; }
        public int captureHeight { set; get; }
        public CAMERA_DIRECTION? cameraDirection { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface CameraCapturerConfiguration {
  preference?: CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE;
  captureWidth?: number;
  captureHeight?: number;
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class CameraCapturerConfiguration {

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  CameraCaptureOutputPreference? preference;

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  int? captureWidth;

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  int? captureHeight;

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  CameraDirection? cameraDirection;

  CameraCapturerConfiguration({
    this.preference,
    this.captureWidth,
    this.captureHeight,
    this.cameraDirection,
  });

  factory CameraCapturerConfiguration.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$CameraCapturerConfigurationFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$CameraCapturerConfigurationToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property"
                /></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry props="cpp cs flutter">
                    <pt>preference</pt>
                    <pd>The camera capture preference. For details, see <xref
                            keyref="CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp cs flutter">
                    <pt>captureWidth</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
                            <dlentry props="native">
                                <dt>Since</dt>
                                <dd><ph keyref="since-cameraconfig"/></dd>
                            </dlentry>
                        </dl>
                        <p>The width (px) of the video image captured by the local camera. To
                            customize the width of the video image, set
                                <parmname>preference</parmname> as <ph
                                keyref="CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE_MANUAL"/>(3) first, and then use
                                <parmname>captureWidth</parmname> to set the video width.</p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="cpp cs flutter">
                    <pt>captureHeight</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
                            <dlentry props="native">
                                <dt>Since</dt>
                                <dd><ph keyref="since-cameraconfig"/></dd>
                            </dlentry>
                        </dl>
                        <p>The height (px) of the video image captured by the local camera. To
                            customize the height of the video image, set
                                <parmname>preference</parmname> as <ph
                                keyref="CAPTURER_OUTPUT_PREFERENCE_MANUAL"/>(3) first, and then use
                                <parmname>captureHeight</parmname>.</p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android">
                    <pt>captureFormat</pt>
                    <pd>The format of the locally captured video. <ul id="ul_pjv_5jg_sqb">
                            <li><codeph>width</codeph>: The width (px) of the locally captured
                                video.</li>
                            <li><codeph>height</codeph>: The height (px) of the locally captured
                                video.</li>
                            <li><codeph>fps</codeph>: The frame rate (fps) of the locally captured
                                video.</li>
                        </ul></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry props="android ios cpp cs flutter">
                    <pt>cameraDirection</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p props="cpp cs">This parameter applies to Android and iOS only.</p>
                        <p props="ios cpp cs flutter">The camera direction. For details, see <xref
                                keyref="CAMERA_DIRECTION"/>.</p>
                        <p props="android">The camera direction. <ul>
                                <li><ph keyref="CAMERA_REAR"/> (0): Use the rear camera.</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="CAMERA_FRONT"/> (1): Use the front camera.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
