<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_encodedvideoframeinfo">
    <title><ph keyref="EncodedVideoFrameInfo" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Information about externally encoded video frames.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public EncodedVideoFrameInfo() {
    codecType = Constants.VIDEO_CODEC_H264;
    width = 0;
    height = 0;
    framesPerSecond = 0;
    frameType = Constants.VIDEO_FRAME_TYPE_BLANK_FRAME;
    rotation = Constants.VIDEO_ORIENTATION_0;
    trackId = 0;
    renderTimeMs = 0;
    internalSendTs = 0;
    uid = 0;
  }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">struct EncodedVideoFrameInfo {
  EncodedVideoFrameInfo()
      : codecType(VIDEO_CODEC_H264),
        width(0),
        height(0),
        framesPerSecond(0),
        frameType(VIDEO_FRAME_TYPE_BLANK_FRAME),
        rotation(VIDEO_ORIENTATION_0),
        trackId(0),
        renderTimeMs(0),
        uid(0)

  EncodedVideoFrameInfo(const EncodedVideoFrameInfo&amp; rhs)
      : codecType(rhs.codecType),
        width(rhs.width),
        height(rhs.height),
        framesPerSecond(rhs.framesPerSecond),
        frameType(rhs.frameType),
        rotation(rhs.rotation),
        trackId(rhs.trackId),
        renderTimeMs(rhs.renderTimeMs),
        uid(rhs.uid)

  VIDEO_CODEC_TYPE codecType;
  int width;
  int height;
  int framesPerSecond;
  VIDEO_FRAME_TYPE frameType;
  VIDEO_ORIENTATION rotation;
  int trackId; 
  int64_t renderTimeMs;
  uid_t uid;
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp" />
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class EncodedVideoFrameInfo {
  
  VIDEO_CODEC_TYPE? codecType;
  
  int? width;
  
  int? height;
  
  int? framesPerSecond;
  
  VIDEO_FRAME_TYPE? frameType;
  
  VIDEO_ORIENTATION? rotation;
  
  int?
      trackId;   
  int? renderTimeMs;
  
  int? internalSendTs;
  
  uid_t? uid;
  
  VIDEO_STREAM_TYPE? streamType;
  EncodedVideoFrameInfo({
    this.codecType,
    this.width,
    this.height,
    this.framesPerSecond,
    this.frameType,
    this.rotation,
    this.trackId,
    this.renderTimeMs,
    this.internalSendTs,
    this.uid,
    this.streamType,
  });
    factory EncodedVideoFrameInfo.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$EncodedVideoFrameInfoFromJson(json);
    Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$EncodedVideoFrameInfoToJson(this);
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>codecType</pt>
                    <pd props="windows">The codec type of the local video stream. See <xref keyref="VIDEO_CODEC_TYPE" />. The default value is <codeph><ph keyref="VIDEO_CODEC_H264" />(2)</codeph>.</pd>
                    <pd props="android">The codec type of the video:<ul id="ul_hkm_4qy_4qb">
                        <li>1: VP8</li>
                        <li>2: (Default) H264</li>
                        <li>5: VP9.</li>
                        </ul></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>Width (pixel) of the video frame. The default value is 360.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>Height (pixel) of the video frame. The default value is 640.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>framesPerSecond</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The number of video frames per second.</p>
                        <p>When this parameter is not <codeph>0</codeph>, you can use it to calculate the Unix timestamp of externally encoded video frames.</p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>frameType</pt>
                    <pd props="windows">The type of the video frame, see <xref keyref="VIDEO_FRAME_TYPE" />.</pd>
                    <pd props="android">Type of the frame.<ul id="ul_djl_sqy_4qb">
                        <li>0: (Default) blank frame</li>
                        <li>3: Keyframe</li>
                        <li>4: Delta frame.</li>
                        <li>5: The B frame</li>
                        <li>6: Unknown frame</li>
                        </ul></pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>rotation</pt>
                    <pd props="windows">The rotation information of the video frames, see <xref keyref="VIDEO_ORIENTATION" />.</pd>
                    <pd props="android">Rotation information of the video frame, as the following:<ul>
                            <li>0: (Default) 0 degree.</li>
                            <li>90: 90 degrees.</li>
                            <li>180: 80 degrees.</li>
                            <li>270: 270 degrees.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>trackId</pt>
                    <pd>Reserved for future use.</pd>
                    <pd props="android">Track ID. Used in scenarios with multiple video tracks in the channel.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>renderTimeMs</pt>
                    <pd>The Unix timestamp (ms) for rendering externally encoded video frames.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>uid</pt>
                    <pd>The user ID to push the externally encoded video frame.</pd>
                </plentry>
            </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>