<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_transcodinguser">
    <title><ph keyref="TranscodingUser"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Transcoding configurations of each host.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java"/>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec"/>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">typedef struct TranscodingUser { uid_t uid; int x; int y; int width; int height; int zOrder; double alpha; int audioChannel; TranscodingUser() : uid(0) , x(0) , y(0) , width(0) , height(0) , zOrder(0) , alpha(1.0) , audioChannel(0) {} } TranscodingUser;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface TranscodingUser { uid: number; x: number; y: number; width: number; height: number; zOrder: number; alpha: number; audioChannel: number; }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
        <parml>
   <plentry>
       <pt>uid</pt>
       <pd>
  <p>The user ID of the host.</p>
       </pd>
   </plentry>
   <plentry>
       <pt>x</pt>
       <pd>
  <p>The x coordinate (pixel) of the host&apos;s video on the output video frame (taking the upper left corner of the video frame as the origin). The value range is [0, width], where width is the <codeph>width</codeph> set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</p></pd>
   </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>y</pt>
                    <pd>The y coordinate (pixel) of the host&apos;s video on the output video frame (taking the upper left corner of the video frame as the origin). The value range is [0, height], where height is the <codeph>height</codeph> set in <xref keyref="LiveTranscoding"/>.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>width</pt>
                    <pd>The width (pixel) of the host&apos;s video.</pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>height</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The height (pixel) of the host&apos;s video.</p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>zOrder</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The layer number of the host&apos;s video. The value ranges from 0 to 100.<ul>
                                <li>0: (Default) The host&apos;s video is the bottom layer.</li>
                                <li>100: The host&apos;s video is the top layer.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </p>
                        <note type="attention">
                            <ul>
                                <li>If the value is beyond this range, the SDK reports the error code <codeph>ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT</codeph>.</li>
                                <li>As of v2.3, the SDK supports setting zOrder to 0.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>alpha</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <p>The transparency of the host&apos;s video. The value ranges between 0.0 and 1.0.<ul>
                                <li>0.0: Completely transparent.</li>
                                <li>1.0: (Default) Opaque.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </p>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>audioChannel</pt>
                <pd>
                        <p>The audio channel used by the host&apos;s audio in the output audio. The default value is 0, and the value range is [0, 5].<ul id="ul_ugm_rrh_v4b">
                                <li><codeph>0</codeph>: (Recommended) The defaut setting, which supports dual channels at most and depends on the upstream of the host.</li>
                                <li><codeph>1</codeph>: The host&apos;s audio uses the FL audio channel. If the host&apos;s upstream uses multiple audio channels, the Agora server mixes them into mono first.</li>
                                <li><codeph>2</codeph>: The host&apos;s audio uses the FC audio channel. If the host&apos;s upstream uses multiple audio channels, the Agora server mixes them into mono first.</li>
                                <li><codeph>3</codeph>: The host&apos;s audio uses the FR audio channel. If the host&apos;s upstream uses multiple audio channels, the Agora server mixes them into mono first.</li>
                                <li><codeph>4</codeph>: The host&apos;s audio uses the BL audio channel. If the host&apos;s upstream uses multiple audio channels, the Agora server mixes them into mono first.</li>
                                <li><codeph>5</codeph>: The host&apos;s audio uses the BR audio channel. If the host&apos;s upstream uses multiple audio channels, the Agora server mixes them into mono first.</li>
                                <li><codeph>0xFF</codeph> or a value greater than <codeph>5</codeph>: The host&apos;s audio is muted, and the Agora server removes the host&apos;s audio.</li>
                            </ul>
                            <note type="attention">If the value is not <codeph>0</codeph>, a special player is required.</note></p>
                    </pd>
            </plentry>
        </parml>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
