<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_echotestconfiguration">
    <title><ph keyref="EchoTestConfiguration" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The configuration of the audio and video call loop test.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct EchoTestConfiguration {
  view_t view;
  bool enableAudio;
  bool enableVideo;
  const char* token;
  const char* channelId;
  EchoTestConfiguration() : view(NULL), enableAudio(true), enableVideo(true), token(NULL), channelId(NULL) {}
  EchoTestConfiguration(view_t v, bool ea, bool ev, const char* t, const char* c) : view(v), enableAudio(ea), enableVideo(ev), token(t), channelId(c) {}
};</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public struct EchoTestConfiguration {
        public IntPtr view;
        public bool enableAudio;
        public bool enableVideo;
        public string token;
        public string channelId;
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class EchoTestConfiguration {
                  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
                  bool? enableAudio;
                
                  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
                  bool? enableVideo;

                  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
                  String? token;

                  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
                  String? channelId;

                  EchoTestConfiguration({
                    this.enableAudio,
                    this.enableVideo,
                    this.token,
                    this.channelId,
                  });
                
                  factory EchoTestConfiguration.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
                      _$EchoTestConfigurationFromJson(json);
                
                  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$EchoTestConfigurationToJson(this);
                }</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>view</pt>
                <pd>The view used to render the local user's video. This parameter is only applicable to scenarios testing video devices, that is, when the <parmname>enableVideo</parmname> member is set to <ph keyref="true" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enableAudio</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable the audio device for the call loop test:
                        
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="true" />: (Default) Enables the audio device. To test the audio device, set this parameter as <ph keyref="true" />.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="false" />: Disables the audio device.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>enableVideo</pt>
                <pd>Whether to enable the video device for the call loop test:
                        
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="true" />: (Default) Enables the video device. To test the video device, set this parameter as <ph keyref="true" />.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="false" />: Disables the video device.</li>
                    </ul></pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>token</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The token used to secure the audio and video call loop test. If you do not enable App Certificate in Agora Console, 
                            you do not need to pass a value in this parameter; if you have enabled App Certificate in Agora Console, you must 
                            pass a token in this parameter. The <parmname>uid</parmname> used when you generate the token must be 0xFFFFFFFF, 
                            and the channel name used must be the channel name that identifies each audio and video call loop test. For 
                            server-side token generation, see <xref keyref="guide-token" />.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>channelId</pt>
                <pd>The channel name that identifies each audio and video call loop. To ensure proper loop test functionality, the channel 
                        name passed in to identify each loop test cannot be the same when users of the same project (App ID) perform audio and video call loop tests on different devices.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>