<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_encryptionconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="EncryptionConfig" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Configurations of built-in encryption.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class EncryptionConfig {
  public enum EncryptionMode {
    SM4_128_ECB(4),
    AES_128_GCM2(7),
    AES_256_GCM2(8),
    MODE_END(9);
  }

  public EncryptionMode encryptionMode;
  public String encryptionKey;
  public final byte[] encryptionKdfSalt = new byte[32];

  public EncryptionConfig() {
    encryptionMode = EncryptionMode.AES_128_GCM2;
    encryptionKey = null;
    java.util.Arrays.fill(encryptionKdfSalt, (byte) 0);
  }
}</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraEncryptionConfig: NSObject

 @property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraEncryptionMode encryptionMode;
 @property (copy, nonatomic) NSString * _Nullable encryptionKey;
 @property (strong, nonatomic) NSData * _Nullable encryptionKdfSalt;
 @end</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows unity" outputclass="language-cpp">struct EncryptionConfig {
  ENCRYPTION_MODE encryptionMode;
  const char* encryptionKey;
  uint8_t encryptionKdfSalt[32];

  EncryptionConfig()
    : encryptionMode(AES_128_GCM2),
      encryptionKey(NULL)
  {
    memset(encryptionKdfSalt, 0, sizeof(encryptionKdfSalt));
  }
};</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface EncryptionConfig {
    encryptionMode: ENCRYPTION_MODE;
    encryptionKey: string;
    }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class EncryptionConfig {

  EncryptionMode? encryptionMode;
  String? encryptionKey;
  List&lt;int&gt;? encryptionKdfSalt;

  EncryptionConfig({
    this.encryptionMode,
    this.encryptionKey,
    this.encryptionKdfSalt,
  });
}</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>encryptionMode</pt>
  <pd><p props="ios mac windows">The built-in encryption mode. For details, see <xref keyref="ENCRYPTION_MODE" />.</p>
      <p props="android flutter">The built-in encryption mode. Agora recommends using <ph keyref="AES_128_GCM2" /> or <ph keyref="AES_256_GCM2" /> encrypted mode. These two modes support the use of salt for higher security.<ul id="ul_urr_tlz_rqb">
                                <li><ph keyref="SM4_128_ECB" /> (4): 128-bit SM4 encryption, ECB mode.</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AES_128_GCM2" /> (7): (Default) 128-bit AES encryption, GCM mode. This encryption mode requires the setting of salt (<codeph>encryptionKdfSalt</codeph>).</li>
                                <li><ph keyref="AES_256_GCM2" /> (8): 256-bit AES encryption, GCM mode. This encryption mode requires the setting of salt (<codeph>encryptionKdfSalt</codeph>).</li>
                                <li props="android"><ph keyref="MODE_END" /> (9): Enumeration value boundary.</li>
                            </ul></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt>encryptionKey</pt>
  <pd>
      <p>Encryption key in string type.</p>
      <note type="attention">If you do not set an encryption key or set it as <codeph><ph keyref="NULL" /></codeph>, you cannot use the built-in encryption, and the SDK returns <codeph>ERR_INVALID_ARGUMENT</codeph> (-2).</note>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
                <plentry>
                    <pt>encryptionKdfSalt</pt>
                    <pd>
                        <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
                            <dlentry props="native">
                                <dt>Since</dt>
                                <dd>v3.4.5</dd>
                            </dlentry>
                        </dl>
                        <p>Salt, 32 bytes in length. Agora recommends that you use OpenSSL to generate salt on the server side, see Media Stream Encryption for details.</p>
                        <note type="attention">This parameter takes effect only in <codeph><ph keyref="AES_128_GCM2" /></codeph> or <codeph><ph keyref="AES_256_GCM2" /></codeph> encrypted mode. In this case, ensure that this parameter is not <codeph>0</codeph>.</note>
                    </pd>
                </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>