<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_rtcimage">
    <title><ph keyref="RtcImage"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">Image properties.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
                <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public class AgoraImage { public String url; public int x; public int y; public int width; public int height; public int zOrder; }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility(&quot;default&quot;))) @interface AgoraImage : NSObject @property(strong, nonatomic) NSURL *_Nonnull url; @property(assign, nonatomic) CGRect rect; @property (assign, nonatomic) NSInteger zOrder; @end</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="windows" outputclass="language-cpp">typedef struct RtcImage { RtcImage() : url(NULL), x(0), y(0), width(0), height(0) {} const char* url; int x; int y; int width; int height; } RtcImage;</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface RtcImage { x: number, y: number, width: number, height: number, url: string }</codeblock>
                <codeblock props="unity" outputclass="language-csharp"/>
                <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript"/>
                <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart"/>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
   
   <p>This class sets the properties of the watermark and background images in the live video.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#metadata/property"/></title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt>url</pt>
  <pd>The HTTP/HTTPS URL address of the image in the live video. The maximum length of this parameter is 1024 bytes.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="android windows">
  <pt>x</pt>
  <pd>The x coordinate (pixel) of the image on the video frame (taking the upper left corner of the video frame as the origin).</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="android windows">
  <pt>y</pt>
  <pd>The y coordinate (pixel) of the image on the video frame (taking the upper left corner of the video frame as the origin).</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="android windows">
  <pt>width</pt>
  <pd>The width (pixel) of the image on the video frame.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="android windows">
  <pt>height</pt>
  <pd>The height (pixel) of the image on the video frame.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="ios mac">
           <pt>rect</pt>
           <pd>图片在视频画面上的位置和大小，类型为 CGRect。</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="android ios mac">
           <pt>zOrder</pt>
           <pd>The layer index of the video frame. An integer. The value range is [0, 100]. 取值范围为 [1,100] 中的整型。 1 表示该区域图像位于最下层，而 100 表示该区域图像位于最上层。</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
