<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_logconfig">
    <title><ph keyref="LogConfig" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The configuration of the SDK log files.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p props="rtc-ng" outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java">public static class LogConfig {
    public String filePath;
    public int fileSizeInKB;
    public int level = Constants.LogLevel.getValue(Constants.LogLevel.LOG_LEVEL_INFO);
  }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec">__attribute__((visibility("default"))) @interface AgoraLogConfig: NSObject
@property (copy, nonatomic) NSString * _Nullable filePath;
@property (assign, nonatomic) NSInteger fileSizeInKB;
@property (assign, nonatomic) AgoraLogLevel level;
@end
</codeblock> </p>
            <p props="rtc" outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct LogConfig {
    const char* filePath;
    int fileSize;
    LOG_LEVEL level;
    LogConfig()
    :filePath(NULL)
    ,fileSize(-1)
    ,level(LOG_LEVEL::LOG_LEVEL_INFO)
    {}
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class LogConfig
    {
        public LogConfig()
        {
            filePath = null;
            fileSize = -1;
            level = LOG_LEVEL.LOG_LEVEL_INFO;
        }

        public LogConfig(string filePath, int fileSize = 1024, LOG_LEVEL level = LOG_LEVEL.LOG_LEVEL_INFO)
        {
            this.filePath = filePath;
            this.fileSize = fileSize;
            this.level = level;
        }

        public string filePath { set; get; }
        public int fileSize { set; get; }
        public LOG_LEVEL level { set; get; }
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface LogConfig {
    filePath: string,
    fileSize: number,
    level: LOG_LEVEL
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class LogConfig {
  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  String? filePath;

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  int? fileSize;

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  LogLevel? level;

  LogConfig({
    this.filePath,
    this.fileSize,
    this.level,
  });

  factory LogConfig.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$LogConfigFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$LogConfigToJson(this);
}</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section id="detailed_desc">
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>filePath</pt>
                <pd>
                    <p>The absolute or relative path of the log file, which ends with \ or /. Ensure that the path for the log file exists and is writable. You can use this parameter to rename the log files.</p>
                    <p props="cpp electron rn">The default file path is:
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li props="cpp rn">Android: <filepath id="android-path">/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;package
                                        name&gt;/files/agorasdk.log/</filepath>.</li>
                    <li props="cpp rn">iOS: <filepath id="ios-path">App
                                        Sandbox/Library/caches/agorasdk.log</filepath>.</li>
                    <li props="cpp electron">macOS:
                        
                        <ul id="mac-path">
                        <li>If Sandbox is enabled: <filepath>App
                                                Sandbox/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log/</filepath>. For example, 
<filepath>                                                /Users/&lt;username&gt;/Library/Containers/&lt;App
                                                Bundle
                                                Identifier&gt;/Data/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log/</filepath>.</li>
                        <li>If Sandbox is disabled:
<filepath>                                            ~/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</filepath></li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li props="cpp electron">Windows
                                         <filepath>C: \Users\&lt;user_name&gt;\AppData\Local\Agora\&lt;process_name&gt;\agorasdk.log</filepath>.</li>
                    </ul></p>
                    <p props="android">The default file path is:
<filepath>                                /storage/emulated/0/Android/data/&lt;package
                                name&gt;/files/agorasdk.log/</filepath>.</p>
                    <p props="ios">The default path is <filepath>App
                                Sandbox/Library/caches/agorasdk.log</filepath>.</p>
                    <p props="mac">The default file path is:
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li>If Sandbox is enabled: <filepath>App
                                        Sandbox/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log/</filepath>. For example, 
<filepath>                                        /Users/&lt;username&gt;/Library/Containers/&lt;App
                                        Bundle
                                        Identifier&gt;/Data/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log/</filepath>.</li>
                    <li>If Sandbox is disabled: <filepath>~/Library/Logs/agorasdk.log</filepath></li>
                    </ul> </p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt props="cpp cs flutter">fileSize</pt>
                <pt props="android ios mac">fileSizeInKB</pt>
                <pd>The size (KB) of a log file. The default value is 2014 KB. If you set <parmname>fileSize</parmname> to 1024 KB, the maximum aggregate size of the log files output by the SDK is 5 MB. If you set <parmname>fileSize</parmname> to less than 1024 KB, the setting is invalid, and the maximum size of a log file is still 1024 KB.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>level</pt>
                <pd>The output level of the SDK log file. See <xref keyref="LOG_LEVEL" />.</pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>