<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="class_channelmediaoptions">
    <title><ph keyref="ChannelMediaOptions" /></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The channel media options.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="prototype">
            <p outputclass="codeblock">
            <codeblock props="android" outputclass="language-java" />
            <codeblock props="ios mac" outputclass="language-objectivec" />
            <codeblock props="cpp" outputclass="language-cpp">struct ChannelMediaOptions {
    bool autoSubscribeAudio;
    bool autoSubscribeVideo;
    ChannelMediaOptions()
    : autoSubscribeAudio(true)
    , autoSubscribeVideo(true)
    {}
    };</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="cs" outputclass="language-csharp">public class ChannelMediaOptions
    {
        public ChannelMediaOptions()
        {
            autoSubscribeAudio = true;
            autoSubscribeVideo = true;
            publishLocalAudio = true;
            publishLocalVideo = true;
        }

        public ChannelMediaOptions(bool autoSubscribeAudio, bool autoSubscribeVideo, bool publishLocalAudio,
            bool publishLocalVideo)
        {
            this.autoSubscribeAudio = autoSubscribeAudio;
            this.autoSubscribeVideo = autoSubscribeVideo;
            this.publishLocalAudio = publishLocalAudio;
            this.publishLocalVideo = publishLocalVideo;
        }

        public bool autoSubscribeAudio { set; get; }
        public bool autoSubscribeVideo { set; get; }
        public bool publishLocalAudio { set; get; }
        public bool publishLocalVideo { set; get; }
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="electron" outputclass="language-typescript">export interface ChannelMediaOptions {
    autoSubscribeAudio: boolean;
    autoSubscribeVideo: boolean;
    }</codeblock>
            <codeblock props="rn" outputclass="language-typescript" />
            <codeblock props="flutter" outputclass="language-dart">class ChannelMediaOptions {

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  bool? autoSubscribeAudio;

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  bool? autoSubscribeVideo;

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  bool? publishLocalAudio;

  @JsonKey(includeIfNull: false)
  bool? publishLocalVideo;

  ChannelMediaOptions({
    this.autoSubscribeAudio,
    this.autoSubscribeVideo,
    this.publishLocalAudio,
    this.publishLocalVideo,
  });

  factory ChannelMediaOptions.fromJson(Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; json) =&gt;
      _$ChannelMediaOptionsFromJson(json);

  Map&lt;String, dynamic&gt; toJson() =&gt; _$ChannelMediaOptionsToJson(this);
}</codeblock> </p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
            <dlentry props="native">
                <dt>Since</dt>
                <dd>v3.0.0</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
        <section id="parameters">
            <title><text conref="../conref/conref_api_metadata.dita#conref_api_metadata/property" /></title>
            <parml>
            <plentry>
                <pt>autoSubscribeAudio</pt>
                <pd>Whether to automatically subscribe to all remote audio streams when the user joins a channel:
                    
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Subscribe.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not subscribe.</li>
                    </ul>This member serves a similar function to the <xref keyref="muteAllRemoteAudioStreams" /> method. After joining the channel, you can call the <apiname>muteAllRemoteAudioStreams</apiname> method to set whether to subscribe to audio streams in the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>autoSubscribeVideo</pt>
                <pd>Whether to subscribe to video streams when the user joins the channel:
                    
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="true" /></codeph>: (Default) Subscribe.</li>
                    <li><codeph><ph keyref="false" /></codeph>: Do not subscribe.</li>
                    </ul>This member serves a similar function to the <xref keyref="muteAllRemoteVideoStreams" /> method. After joining the channel, you can call the <apiname>muteAllRemoteVideoStreams</apiname> method to set whether to subscribe to video streams in the channel.</pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishLocalAudio</pt>
                <pd>
                    <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
                    <dlentry props="native">
                        <dt>Since</dt>
                        <dd>v3.4.5</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                    
                    
                    whether to publish the local audio stream when the user joins a channel.
                    
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="true" />: (Default) Publish the local audio.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="false" />: Do not publish the local audio.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>This member serves a similar function to the <apiname>muteLocalAudioStream</apiname> method. After the user joins the channel, you can call the <apiname>muteLocalAudioStream</apiname> method to set whether to publish the local audio stream in the channel.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            <plentry>
                <pt>publishLocalVideo</pt>
                <pd>
                    <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
                    <dlentry props="native">
                        <dt>Since</dt>
                        <dd>v3.4.5</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                    
                    
                    whether to publish the local video stream when the user joins a channel.
                    
                    
                    <ul>
                    <li><ph keyref="true" />: (Default) Publish the local video.</li>
                    <li><ph keyref="false" />: Do not publish the local video.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>This member serves a similar function to the <apiname>muteLocalVideoStream</apiname> method. After the user joins the channel, you can call the <apiname>muteLocalVideoStream</apiname> method to set whether to publish the local audio stream in the channel.</p>
                </pd>
            </plentry>
            </parml> </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>