<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_audioprofiletype">
    <title><ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_TYPE"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The audio profile, including the sampling rate, bitrate, encoding mode, and the number of channels.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title>Enumerator</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry id="0">
  <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_DEFAULT"/></pt>
  <pd>
      <p>0: The default audio profile.<ul>
 <li>For the LIVE_BROADCASTING profile: A sampling rate of 48 kHz, music encoding, mono, and a bitrate of up to 64 Kbps.</li>
 <li props="windows electron">For the COMMUNICATION profile:<ul>
<li props="windows electron">Windows: A sampling rate of 16 kHz, music encoding, mono, and a bitrate of up to 16 Kbps.</li>
<li props="windows">Android/macOS/iOS: A sampling rate of 32 kHz, music encoding, mono, and a bitrate of up to 18 Kbps.</li>
     <li props="electron">macOS: A sampling rate of 32 kHz, music encoding, mono, and a bitrate of up to 18 Kbps.</li>
     </ul></li>
          <li props="android mac ios">For the COMMUNICATION profile: A sampling rate of 32 kHz, music encoding, mono, and a bitrate of up to 18 Kbps.</li>
      </ul></p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="1">
  <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_SPEECH_STANDARD"/></pt>
  <pd>1: A sampling rate of 32 kHz, audio encoding, mono, and a bitrate of up to 18 Kbps.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="2">
  <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_STANDARD"/></pt>
  <pd>2: A sampling rate of 48 kHz, music encoding, mono, and a bitrate of up to 64 Kbps.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="3">
  <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_STANDARD_STEREO"/></pt>
  <pd>3: A sampling rate of 48 kHz, music encoding, stereo, and a bitrate of up to 80 Kbps.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="4">
  <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/></pt>
  <pd>4: A sampling rate of 48 kHz, music encoding, mono, and a bitrate of up to 96 Kbps.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="5">
  <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/></pt>
  <pd>5: A sampling rate of 48 kHz, music encoding, stereo, and a bitrate of up to 128 Kbps.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry id="6" props="windows">
  <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_IOT"/></pt>
  <pd>
      <p>6: A sample rate of 16 kHz, audio encoding, mono, and Acoustic Echo Cancellation (AES) enabled.</p>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_NUM"/></pt>
  <pd>Enumerator boundary.</pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
