<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="enum_voicebeautifierpreset">
    <title><ph keyref="VOICE_BEAUTIFIER_PRESET"/></title>
    <shortdesc id="short"><ph id="shortdesc">The options for SDK preset voice beautifier effects.</ph></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="parameters">
   <title>Enumerator</title>
   <parml>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="VOICE_BEAUTIFIER_OFF"/></pt>
  <pd>Turn off voice beautifier effects and use the original voice.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="CHAT_BEAUTIFIER_MAGNETIC"/></pt>
  <pd><p>A more magnetic voice.</p>
      <note type="attention">Agora recommends using this enumerator to process a female-sounding voice; otherwise, you might experience vocal distortion. Agora recommends using this enumerator to process a male-sounding voice; otherwise, you might experience vocal distortion.</note></pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="CHAT_BEAUTIFIER_FRESH"/></pt>
  <pd>
      <p>A fresher voice.</p>
      <note type="attention">Agora recommends using this enumerator to process a female-sounding voice; otherwise, you might experience vocal distortion. Agora recommends using this enumerator to process a male-sounding voice; otherwise, you might experience vocal distortion.</note>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="CHAT_BEAUTIFIER_VITALITY"/></pt>
  <pd>
      <p>A more vital voice.</p>
      <note type="attention">Agora recommends using this enumerator to process a female-sounding voice; otherwise, you might experience vocal distortion. Agora recommends using this enumerator to process a male-sounding voice; otherwise, you might experience vocal distortion.</note>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="SINGING_BEAUTIFIER"/></pt>
  <pd>
      <dl outputclass="since" props="rtc">
 <dlentry>
     <dt>Since</dt>
     <dd>v3.3.0</dd>
 </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>Singing beautifier effect.</p>
      <ul id="ul_z2c_4zl_p4b">
 <li>If <xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/>you call (<ph keyref="SINGING_BEAUTIFIER"/>), you can beautify a male-sounding voice and add a reverberation effect that sounds like singing in a small room. Agora recommends using this enumerator to process a male-sounding voice; otherwise, you might experience vocal distortion.</li>
 <li>If you call <xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierParameters"/>(<ph keyref="SINGING_BEAUTIFIER"/>, param1, param2), you can beautify a male- or female-sounding voice and add a reverberation effect.</li>
      </ul>
  </pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="TIMBRE_TRANSFORMATION_VIGOROUS"/></pt>
  <pd>A more vigorous voice.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="TIMBRE_TRANSFORMATION_DEEP"/></pt>
  <pd>A deep voice.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="TIMBRE_TRANSFORMATION_MELLOW"/></pt>
  <pd>A mellower voice.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="TIMBRE_TRANSFORMATION_FALSETTO"/></pt>
  <pd>Falsetto.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="TIMBRE_TRANSFORMATION_FULL"/></pt>
  <pd>A fuller voice.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="TIMBRE_TRANSFORMATION_CLEAR"/></pt>
  <pd>A clearer voice.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="TIMBRE_TRANSFORMATION_RESOUNDING"/></pt>
  <pd>A more resounding voice.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry>
  <pt><ph keyref="TIMBRE_TRANSFORMATION_RINGING"/></pt>
  <pd>A more ringing voice.</pd>
       </plentry>
       <plentry props="rtc-ng">
           <pt><ph keyref="ULTRA_HIGH_QUALITY_VOICE"/></pt>
           <pd>超高音质，即让音频更清晰、细节更丰富。
           <ul>
               <li>为达到更好的效果，我们推荐在调用 <xref keyref="setVoiceBeautifierPreset"/> 前将 <xref keyref="setAudioProfile2"/> 的 <parmname>profile</parmname> 参数设置为 <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY"/>(4) 或 <apiname keyref="AUDIO_PROFILE_MUSIC_HIGH_QUALITY_STEREO"/>(5)，且 <parmname>scenario</parmname> 参数设置为 <apiname keyref="AUDIO_SCENARIO_HIGH_DEFINITION"/>(6)。</li>
               <li>如果用户的音频采集设备可以高度还原音频细节，Agora 建议你不要开启超高音质，否则 SDK 会过度还原音频细节，达不到预期效果。</li>
           </ul></pd>
       </plentry>
   </parml>
        </section></refbody>
</reference>
